 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Social Responsibility  
Annual Report 2017  
 
Voltronic Power Technology Corp. 
 
 
 
1 
 
Voltronic Power 2017 Annual Corporate 
Social Responsibility Report  
ABOUT THIS REPORT 
REPORT SCOPE AND FREQUENCY  
From 2015, Voltronic Power Technology Corporation voluntarily began to 
annually issue corporate social responsibility report. The scope of these reports 
will contain the corporate social responsibility information of Taiwan 
headquarters, China Shenzhen export factory（Voltronic Power Technology (Shen 
Zhen) Corp.）, the China Shenzhen domestic factory（Orchid Power (Shen Zhen) 
Manufacturing Company）and since 2016, newly added the China Zhongshen 
export factory（Zhongshen Voltronic Power Electronic Limited）. These companies 
are generalized as "Voltronic Power" in this report, but for some items 
geographically referred to Taiwan headquarters as "Taiwan Region" and referred 
to Voltronic Power Technology (Shen Zhen) Corp. and Orchid Power (Shen Zhen) 
Manufacturing Company as "China Region". The reporting period of the 
corporate social responsibility information disclosure in this report is from 
January 1 to December 31, 2017. The reporting period of the corporate social 
responsibility information disclosure in last two years reports are from January 1 
to December 31, 2015 and from January 1 to December 31, 2016. 
REPORTING GUIDELINES  
The reporting principles and standard disclosures of 2015 and 2016 reports are in 
accordance with the G4 (Fourth Generation）Sustainability Reporting Guidelines 
published by the Global Reporting Initiative(GRI),and the standard disclosures of 
this report are in accordance with "Core Option", and additionally, some 
disclosures are reference to "BLOOMBERG ESG SURVEY Disclosure Score ". The 
reporting principles and standard disclosures of 2017 report are in accordance with 
the GRI（Global Reporting Initiative）Standards 2016 published by the Global 
Sustainability Standards Board（GSSB）,and the standard disclosures of this report 
are in accordance with "Core Option", and additionally, some disclosures are 
reference to "BLOOMBERG ESG SURVEY Disclosure Score ". 
PRESENTATION OF DATA 
In this report, ratios or normalized data are useful and appropriate formats for data 
presentation, and if necessary, absolute data should also be provided and 
 
 
 
2 
 
explanatory notes are advisable. 
DATA AGGREGATION AND DISAGGREGATION 
The data aggregation and disaggregation of this report, in principle, information 
reported on an aggregated basis as "Voltronic Power", but some information 
reported on a disaggregated basis by "Taiwan Region" and "China Region", and if 
necessary, some "China Region" information reported on a disaggregated basis by 
"Voltronic Power Technology (Shen Zhen) Corp. ","Orchid Power (Shen Zhen) 
Manufacturing Company " and " Zhongshen Voltronic Power Electronic Limited. 
".  
METRICS 
Reported data should be presented using generally accepted international metrics 
(such as kilograms, tones, liters) and calculated using standard conversion factors. 
When specific international conventions exist (such as GHG equivalents), calculated 
using the equivalents of the specific international conventions. 
MEDIUM OF REPORTING 
The report is written in traditional Chinese and in English, and deliberates the 
provisions of "Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing the 
Preparation and Filing of Corporate Social Responsibility Reports by TWSE Listed 
Companies", voluntarily disclose the corporate social responsibility report and the 
link to the file of that report posted on the company's website on the internet 
information reporting system （Market Observation Post System）designated by 
TWSE（Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation） by June 30. 
The medium of reporting according to the principles of environmental protection, 
web-based reporting in www.voltronicpower.com "Company Information". 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
GRI 101：FOUNDATION 
1. Reporting Principles 
Principles for defining report content 
Stakeholder Inclusiveness 
1.1 The reporting organization shall identify its stakeholders, and explain how it has 
responded to their reasonable expectations and interests. 
Sustainability Context 
1.2 The report shall present the reporting organization’s performance in the wider 
context of sustainability. 
Materiality 
1.3 The report shall cover topics that: 
1.3.1 reflect the reporting organization’s significant economic, environmental, and 
social impacts; or 
1.3.2 substantively influence the assessments and decisions of stakeholders. 
Completeness 
1.4 The report shall include coverage of material topics and their Boundaries, 
sufficient to reflect significant economic, environmental, and social impacts, and 
to enable stakeholders to assess the reporting organization’s performance in the 
reporting period. 
Principles for defining report quality 
Accuracy 
1.5 The reported information shall be sufficiently accurate and detailed for 
stakeholders to assess the reporting organization’s performance. 
Balance 
1.6 The reported information shall reflect positive and negative aspects of the reporting 
organization’s performance to enable a reasoned assessment of overall 
performance. 
Clarity 
1.7 The reporting organization shall make information available in a manner that 
is understandable and accessible to stakeholders using that information. 
Comparability 
1.8 The reporting organization shall select, compile, and report information consistently. 
The reported information shall be presented in a manner that enables stakeholders 
to analyze changes in the organization’s performance over time, and that could 
support analysis relative to other organizations. 
 
 
 
4 
 
Reliability 
1.9 The reporting organization shall gather, record, compile, analyze, and report 
information and processes used in the preparation of the report in a way that they 
can be subject to examination, and that establishes the quality and materiality of 
the information. 
Timeliness 
1.10 The reporting organization shall report on a regular schedule so that information 
is available in time for stakeholders to make informed decisions. 
2. Using the GRI Standards for sustainability reporting 
Applying the Reporting Principles 
2.1 The reporting organization shall apply all Reporting Principles from Section 1 to 
define report content and quality. 
Reporting general disclosures 
2.2 The reporting organization shall report the required disclosures from GRI 102: 
General Disclosures. 
Identifying material topics and their Boundaries 
2.3 The reporting organization shall identify its material topics using the Reporting 
Principles for defining report content. 
2.3.1 The reporting organization should consult the GRI Sector Disclosures that 
relate to its sector, if available, to assist with identifying its material topics. 
2.4  The reporting organization shall identify the Boundary for each material topic. 
Reporting on material topics 
2.5 Reporting on material topics： 
2.5.1 shall report the management approach disclosures for that topic, using GRI 
103: Management Approach; and either: 
2.5.2 shall report the topic-specific disclosures in the corresponding GRI 
Standard, if the material topic is covered by an existing GRI Standard 
(series 200, 300, and 400); or 
2.5.3 should report other appropriate disclosures, if the material topic is not 
covered by an existing GRI Standard. 
The report reporting on material topics as 2.5.2. 
Presenting information 
Reporting required disclosures using references 
2.6 If the reporting organization reports a required disclosure using a reference to 
another source where the information is located, the organization shall ensure: 
2.6.1 the reference includes the specific location of the required disclosure; 
2.6.2 the referenced information is publicly available and readily accessible. 
 
 
 
5 
 
Compiling and presenting information in the report 
2.7 When preparing a sustainability report, the reporting organization should： 
2.7.1 present information for the current reporting period and at least two 
previous periods, as well as future short and medium-term targets if they 
have been established； 
2.7.2 compile and report information using generally accepted international 
metrics (such as kilograms or liters) and standard conversion factors, and 
explain the basis of measurement/calculation where not otherwise apparent； 
2.7.3 provide absolute data and explanatory notes when using ratios or 
normalized data； 
2.7.4 define a consistent reporting period for issuing a report. 
3. Making claims related to the use of the GRI Standards 
Claims that a report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards 
3.1 To claim that a sustainability report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI 
Standards, the reporting organization shall meet all criteria for the respective 
option (Core or Comprehensive) from Table 1： 
The report meets all criteria for core option. 
Table 1 Criteria to claim a report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI 
Standards 
Required criteria 
Core option 
Use the correct claim (statement of 
use) in any published materials with 
disclosures based on the GRI 
Standards 
Include the following statement: ‘This report has 
been prepared in accordance with the GRI 
Standards: Core option’ 
Use GRI 101:Foundation to follow 
the basic process for preparing a 
sustainability report 
Comply with all requirements in Section 2 of 
GRI 101: Foundation (‘Using the GRI Standards 
for sustainability reporting’) 
Use GRI 102: General Disclosures to 
report contextual information about 
the organization 
Comply with all reporting requirements for the 
following disclosures from GRI 102: General 
Disclosures: 
Disclosures 102-1 to 102-13 (Organizational 
profile) 
Disclosure 102-14 (Strategy) 
Disclosure 102-16 (Ethics and integrity) 
Disclosure 102-18 (Governance) 
Disclosures 102-40 to 102-44 (Stakeholder  
engagement) 
Disclosures 102-45 to 102-56 (Reporting 
practice) 
 
 
 
6 
 
Use GRI 103:Management Approach 
to report the management approach 
and the topic Boundary for all 
material topics 
For each material topic, comply with all 
reporting requirements from GRI 103: 
Management  Approach 
Reasons for omission are only permitted for 
Disclosures 103-2 and 103-3 
Use the topic-specific GRI 
Standards 
(series 200, 300, 400) to report on 
material topics 
For each material topic covered by a topic- 
specific GRI Standard: 
•comply with all reporting requirements in the 
‘Management approach disclosures’ section 
•comply with all reporting requirements for at 
least one topic-specific disclosure 
For each material topic not covered by a GRI 
Standard, it is recommended to report other 
appropriate disclosures for that topic  
Reasons for omission are permitted for all topic-
specific disclosures  
Ensure that reasons for omission are 
used correctly, if applicable 
Comply with all requirements in clause 3.2 
(Reasons for omission) 
Notify GRI of the use of the Standards 
Comply with all requirements in clause 3.4 
(Notifying GRI of the use of the Standards) 
Reasons for omission 
3.2 If, in exceptional cases, an organization preparing a sustainability report in 
accordance with the GRI Standards cannot report a required disclosure, the 
organization shall provide in the report a reason for omission that： 
3.2.1 describes the specific information that has been omitted; and 
      3.2.2 specifies one of the following reasons for omission from Table 2, including 
the required explanation for that reason. 
Table 2 Reasons for omission 
Reason for omission 
Required explanation in the sustainability report 
Not applicable 
Specify the reason(s) why the disclosure is considered to be 
not applicable. 
Confidentiality 
constraints 
Describe the specific confidentiality constraints prohibiting 
the disclosure. 
Specific legal prohibitions 
Describe the specific legal prohibitions. 
Information unavailable 
Describe the specific steps being taken to obtain the 
information and the expected timeframe for doing so. 
If the reason for omission is due to the fact that the necessary 
information cannot be obtained, or is not of adequate quality 
to report (as may sometimes be the case when the Boundary 
for a material topic extends beyond the reporting 
 
 
 
7 
 
organization), explain this situation. 
Using selected Standards with a GRI-referenced claim 
3.3 If the reporting organization uses selected GRI Standards, or parts of their content, 
to report specific information, but has not met the criteria to prepare a report in 
accordance with the GRI Standards (as per clause 3.1), the organization： 
3.3.1 shall include in any published material with disclosures based on the GRI 
Standards a statement that： 
3.3.1.1 contains the following text: ‘This material references [title and 
publication year of the Standard]’, for each Standard used; 
3.3.1.2 indicates which specific content from the Standard has been applied, 
if the Standard has not been used in full; 
3.3.2 shall comply with all reporting requirements that correspond to the 
disclosures reported; 
3.3.3 shall notify GRI of the use of the Standards, as per clause 3.4; 
3.3.4 should apply the Reporting Principles for defining report quality from 
Section 1; 
3.3.5 should report its management approach by applying GRI 103: 
Management Approach together with any topic-specific Standard (series 
200, 300, or 400) used. 
The report uses selected GRI Standards 2016 and meets the criteria in accordance 
with the GRI Standards to report all the information. 
Notifying GRI of the use of the Standards 
3.4 The reporting organization shall notify GRI of its use of the GRI Standards, 
and the claim it has made in the report or published material, by either: 
3.4.1 sending a copy to GRI at standards@globalreporting.org; or 
3.4.2 registering the report or published material at  
www.globalreporting.org/standards 
The report sending a copy to GRI at standards@globalreporting.org to notify 
GRI of the use of the Standards 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
GRI 102：GENERAL DISCLOSURES 
1. Organizational profile 
102-1Name of the organization：The name of the organization is Voltronic Power 
Technology Corp. 
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 
a. A description of the organization’s activities. 
Voltronic Power’s primary business is the production and sales of UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power System). Additionally, Voltronic Power offers 
professional ODM design and manufacturing of power converters (also 
known as inverter), AVR (automatic voltage regulator), PV inverter. 
Ⅰ.UPS 
(ⅰ)Off-line UPS: 400VA – 2000VA 
(ⅱ)On-line UPS: 1KVA – 210KVA 
Ⅱ.Inverter/AVR: 600VA – 10KVA 
Ⅲ. ACCESSORY: 
(ⅰ)SNMP Card  
(ⅱ)MODBUS Card 
(ⅲ)PDU & MAINTENANCE Bypass Switch 
Ⅳ.SOLAR Inverter: 1KVA – 10KVA 
b. Primary brands, products, and services, including an explanation of any 
products or services that are banned in certain markets：not applicable. 
102-3 Location of headquarters 
a. Location of the organization’s headquarters：The location of Voltronic 
Power Technology Corp.’s headquarters is in Neihu Dist., Taipei, 
Taiwan. 
102-4 Location of operations 
a. Number of countries where the organization operates, and the names of 
countries where it has significant operations and/or that are relevant to 
the topics covered in the report. 
The countries （have significant operations and that are specifically 
relevant to the sustainability topics covered in the report ） where 
Voltronic Power Technology Corp. operates, including Taiwan 
headquarters, China Shenzhen export factory （ Voltronic Power 
Technology (Shen Zhen) Corp.）, the China Shenzhen domestic factory
（Orchid Power (Shen Zhen) Manufacturing Company）and the China 
 
 
 
9 
 
Zhongshen export factory （ Zhongshen Voltronic Power Electronic 
Limited）. These companies are generalized as "Voltronic Power" in 
this report, but for some items geographically referred to Taiwan 
headquarters as "Taiwan Region" and referred to Voltronic Power 
Technology (Shen Zhen) Corp. , Orchid Power (Shen Zhen) 
Manufacturing Company and Zhongshen Voltronic Power Electronic 
Limited as "China Region". 
102-5 Ownership and legal form 
a. Nature of ownership and legal form. 
The Taiwan headquarters of Voltronic Power Technology Corp. is a 
Company Limited by Shares which established in according to Taiwan 
Company Act, and got listed for its stocks to public in Taiwan Stock 
Exchange Corporation on March 31, 2014. 
China Shenzhen export factory（Voltronic Power Technology (Shen 
Zhen) Corp.）, China Shenzhen domestic factory（Orchid Power (Shen 
Zhen) Manufacturing Company） and the China Zhongshen export 
factory （ Zhongshen Voltronic Power Electronic Limited ） were 
established in accordance with the following investment structures as the 
100% held subsidiary company in China.  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
102-6 Markets served 
a. Markets served, including： 
i. geographic locations where products and services are offered; 
ⅱ.sectors served; 
ⅲ.types of customers and beneficiaries. 
Voltronic Power’s sales regions of main products： 
Unit：Thousand NTD；% 
Voltronic Power in UPS shipments, mainly to the below 20KVA UPS, 2017 
annual shipments are about 5.79 million units. According to the Global UPS 
Sales Regions 
2015 
2016 
2017  
Amounts 
Ratio 
Amounts 
Ratio 
Amounts 
Ratio 
Domestic 
364,461 
4.53% 
344,238 
4.24% 
424.436 
4.30% 
Export 
Asia 
3,483,499 
43.33% 
3,996,717 
49.22% 
4,821,576 48.89% 
Other 
4,191,363 
52.14% 
3,779,265 
46.54% 
4,616,218 46.81% 
Subtotal 
7,674,862 
95.47% 
7,775,982 
95.76% 
9,437,794 95.70% 
Total 
8,039,323 
100.00% 
8,120,220 
100.00% 
9,862,230 100.00% 
● 
 
 
 
11 
 
system market analysis research report by Frost & Sullivan, estimated UPS 
Global Market Scale is about 28.59 million units in 2017. On the global UPS 
shipments, Voltronic Power accounted for about twenty percent. 
Figure：2010~2017global UPS market scale
 
Figure：Distribution of major sales regions of UPS products 
 
 
 
2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017 
2010    2011    2012    2013   2014    2015    2016   2017 
America 
Asia Pacific Region 
Eu.ME.Af. 
 
 
 
12 
 
Figure: the proportion of global UPS product specifications and output value 
 
102-7 Markets served 
a. Markets served, including： 
i. geographic locations where products and services are offered; 
ⅱ.sectors served; 
iii. net sales (for private sector organizations) or net revenues (for public 
sector  organizations); 
iv. total capitalization (for private sector organizations) broken down in 
terms of debt and equity; 
v. quantity of products or services provided. 
 
year 
 
item 
Taiwan 
Voltronic 
Shenzhen 
Orchid 
Shenzhen 
Zhongshen 
 Voltronic  
 
Total 
2015 
Total number of 
employees 
75  
1,517  
43  
— 
1,635  
Net Sales 
 
NTD 8,039,323 thousand 
Total Capitalization 
 
Debt NTD 2,299,696 thousand 
and equity NTD 4,068,355 thousand, 
total capitalization NTD 6,368,051 
thousand. 
Total Assets 
 
NTD 6,368,051 thousand. 
Quantity of products 
provided 
 
On-line UPS systems:  
Off-line UPS systems:  
2016 
Total number of 
employees 
78 
1,341 
52 
398 
1,869 
Net Sales 
 
NTD 8,120,220 thousand 
Total Capitalization 
 
Debt NTD 2,790,976 thousand 
and equity NTD 4,288,259 thousand, 
0.0
2,000.0
4,000.0
6,000.0
8,000.0
10,000.0
12,000.0
14,000.0
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
 <  20 KVA 5,355.5 5,588.9 5,847.4 6,117.9 6,406.2 6,710.6 7,026.4 7,358.9
≧ 20 KVA
3,887.9 4,036.7 4,217.1 4,430.2 4,686.2 4,982.3 5,324.0 5,710.8
USD Million
 
 
 
13 
 
total capitalization NTD 7,079,235 
thousand. 
Total Assets 
 
NTD 7,079,235 thousand. 
Quantity of products 
provided 
 
On-line UPS systems: 490 
Off-line UPS systems: 4,280 
2017 
Total number of 
employees 
74 
1,134 
56 
973 
2,237 
Net Sales 
 
NTD 9,862,230 thousand 
Total Capitalization 
 
Debt NTD 3,058,182 thousand  
and equity NTD4,178,761 thousand, 
total capitalization NTD 7,237,174 
thousand. 
Total Assets 
 
NTD 7,237,174 thousand 
Quantity of products 
provided 
 
On-line UPS systems: 600 
Off-line UPS systems: 5,550 
Beneficial ownership, including the identity and percentage of ownership of the 
largest shareholders； 
Shares 
 
Names of Key shareholders 
Number of 
shares held 
Shareholding 
rate (%) 
Hsieh Juor-Ming (Note) 
10,024,769 
12.74% 
FSP Group 
4,992,916 
6.35% 
RPS S.P.A 
3,382,680 
4.30% 
Open Great International Investment Limited Company 
3,002,546 
3.82% 
Hsieh Yi-Ling 
2,904,462 
3.69% 
The Sales Department of Standard Chartered Bank Limited delegated to 
take charge of custody of the investment specially earmarked account of 
CARTICA capital partner master. 
2,594,000 
3.30% 
The Sales Department of Standard Chartered Bank Limited delegated to 
take charge of custody of CARTICA investors in the partnership specially 
earmarked account. 
2,430,886 
3.09% 
Citibank (Taiwan) delegated to take charge of custody of investment 
specially earmarked account of Singaporean government. 
2,238,227 
2.84% 
The Banking Corporate of Standard Chartered Bank Limited delegated to 
take charge of custody of FIAM Group's Employee Trust Fringe Benefit 
Program: FIAM Emerging Markets Investment Portfolio Special Account 
1,999,068 
2.54% 
Cathay Life Insurance Company, Ltd. 
1,514,141 
1.92% 
Note: The shares held include shareholding trust reserved for legal utilization 2,431,089 shares. 
 
Net sales or net revenues by countries or regions that make up five percent or 
more of total revenues; 
Expressed in Thousands of New Taiwan Dollars; % 
regions 
Amount 
Percentage 
Asia 
5,246,012 
53.2% 
Europe 
2,166,275 
22.0% 
America 
1,977,861 
20.1% 
Costs by countries or regions that make up five percent or more of total costs; 
 
 
 
14 
 
Expressed in Thousands of New Taiwan Dollars; % 
regions 
Amount 
Percentage 
Asia 
7,138,635 
99.6% 
 
102-8 Information on employees and other workers Information on employees and 
other workers 
a. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and 
temporary), by gender. 
b. Total number of employees by employment contract (permanent and 
temporary), by region.  
c. Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), 
by gender. 
Voltronic Power’s employees all are formal / contract employees, according to 
December 31, 2015, December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 respectively the 
number of statistics are as follows. 
Year 
Gender 
Taiwan 
Voltronic 
Shenzhen 
Orchid 
Shenzhen 
Zhongshen 
Voltronic 
Total 
2015  
Male 
39 
964 
30 
– 
1033 
Female 
36 
553 
13 
– 
602 
Subtotal 
75 
1517 
43 
– 
1635 
2016  
Male 
38 
873 
38 
264 
1,213 
Female 
40 
468 
14 
134 
656 
Subtotal 
78 
1,341 
52 
398 
1,869 
2017  
Male 
36 
717 
40 
603 
1,396 
Female 
38 
417 
16 
370 
841 
Subtotal 
74 
1,134 
56 
973 
2,237 
d. Whether a significant portion of the organization’s activities are 
performed by workers who are not employees. If applicable, a 
description of the nature and scale of work performed by workers who 
are not employees：none. 
e. Any significant variations in the numbers reported in Disclosures 102-8-
a, 102-8-b, and 102-8-c (such as seasonal variations in the tourism or 
agricultural industries)：not applicable. 
f. An explanation of how the data have been compiled, including any 
assumptions made：The compilation of data was based on the actual 
registration data of human resourcesl departments of various regions in 
December 31st of the year, and did’nt contain any assumptions. 
In Taiwan Region, abide by the provisions of Labor Standards Act, the Labor 
 
 
 
15 
 
Pension Act, Labor Insurance Act, National Health Insurance Act, the applicable 
laws and provisions to hire employees. Further, in accordance with the Taiwan laws 
to organize Employee Welfare Committee, to take care of the lives of employees. 
By quarterly convening Employee Welfare Committee meeting and the Labor-
Management meeting, the employee representatives can reflect the employees' 
suggestions and opinions on specific issues, and through those meetings with the 
company management team to reach a consensus. There are good systems and 
institutions, specify the various management measures, and the contents prescribe 
the rights, obligations and the welfare items of employees, periodic review and 
revise the welfare contents, in order to safeguard the rights and interests of all 
employees. 
In China Region, abide by the provisions of Law of the People's Republic of China 
on Employment Contracts, Regulation on the Implementation of the Employment 
Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, Labor Law of the People's 
Republic of China, Social Insurance Law of the People's Republic of China, the 
applicable laws and provisions to hire employees. 
102-9 Supply chain 
a.A description of the organization’s supply chain, including its main 
elements as they relate to the organization’s activities, primary brands, 
products, and services. 
Voltronic Power Supply Chain Relationships 
Voltronic Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and 
product manufacturing services of UPS, inverter, and PV inverter, our upstream 
products are components (batteries, transformer, semiconductor electronic 
components, cabinet, PCB, etc.), among these components, battery occupies the 
highest proportion, our company’s manufacturing base in Shenzhen, China where 
many local Chinese battery factories are located, The Company carefully selected 
suppliers through quality tests. At present, we have excellent relationships with our 
suppliers; the supplies are stable without the risks of price fluctuation and supply 
shortage. 
Voltronic Power also occupies the mid-stream in the industrial supply chain, R&D 
products based on customer order requirements are resold to end-users of 
downstream industries through customer orders. At present, Voltronic Power has 
over 300 clients; the sales are spread out, with relatively low risks. In the 
downstream applications, there are IT communication industry, home appliance 
industry, medical equipment industry, individual users, mass transportation 
 
 
 
16 
 
equipment, and electrical equipment, etc. The applications are diverse with stable 
growth in the markets; so far, there is no apparent operating risk. The following 
figure depicts the product correlation among our company’s up-, mid-, and 
downstream: 
 
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 
a.Significant changes to the organization’s size, structure, ownership, or 
supply chain, including: 
ⅰ. Changes in the location of, or changes in, operations, including facility 
openings, closings, and expansions：During the reporting period（from 
January 1 to December 31, 2017）, Zhongshen Voltronic Power's output 
was expanded from 200 thousand units in 2016 to 4 million 720 thousand 
units in 2017. 
ⅱ. Changes in the share capital structure and other capital formation, 
maintenance, and alteration operations (for private sector organizations)：
none. 
iii. Changes in the location of suppliers, the structure of the supply chain, 
or relationships with suppliers, including selection and termination：No 
significant change. 
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 
a. Whether and how the organization applies the Precautionary Principle 
or approach（include an organization’s approach to risk management in 
operational planning, or when developing and introducing new products.） 
Voltronic Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and 
product manufacturing services of UPS, inverter, and PV inverter, occupies the 
mid-stream in the industrial supply chain, R&D products based on customer order 
Up-stream (materials) 
 
Mid-stream 
 
Downstream  
(end users) 
 
 
 
 
 
Batteries 
Transformer 
Semiconductor components 
Plastic materials 
Steel case 
Capacitors 
PCB 
Wires 
Packaging material 
Software design 
 
R&D, manufacturing 
and product sales 
 
Communications equipment industry 
Operators 
Office equipment industry 
Computer server industry 
Consumer electronics industry 
Home appliances industry 
Transportation equipment industry 
Power equipment industry 
Medical equipment industry 
Individual users 
 
 
 
17 
 
requirements are resold to end-users of downstream industries through customer 
orders, not to strive for own brand name, not to compete against customers, thus 
without the risk of product development. At present, Voltronic Power has over 300 
clients; the sales are very spread out, also without risk of excessive centralization 
of customers.  
Voltronic Power’s major shareholders uphold the concept of sustainable 
investment, not to sale the company's shares to achieve the purpose of profit, and 
the Management Team has the abilities that cannot to be replaced in the R&D and 
in the production technology also in the development of customers, and for the 
purpose of sustainable operation, therefore, there is neither the risk of being hostile 
takeover nor the risk of losing of operating rights. 
Therefore, Voltronic Power hasn’t Poison Pill Plan and absolutely no Poison Pill 
Plan（or Shareholder Rights Plan）will be implemented. There also hasn’t Blank 
Check Preferred Authorized which is authorized to issue any quantity of preferred 
stock without shareholders' approval. 
The Taiwan headquarters of Voltronic Power Technology Corp. is a listed company 
in according to Taiwan Company Act and the Securities and Exchange Act,only 
issued Common Stocks, every one share have the equal voting power. There are 
neither Unequal Voting Rights (Including Preferred Stock) nor Dual Class Unequal 
Voting Rights - Common Shares . 
In accordance with the provisions of the 173rd articles of the Taiwan company law：
｢ Any or a plural number of shareholder(s) of a company who has (have) 
continuously held 3% or more of the total number of outstanding shares for a 
period of one year or a longer time may, by filing a written proposal setting forth 
therein the subjects for discussion and the reasons, request the board of directors 
to call a special meeting of shareholders.If the board of directors fails to give a 
notice for convening a special meeting of shareholders within 15 days after the 
filing of the request under the preceding Paragraph, the proposing shareholder(s) 
may, after obtaining an approval from the competent authority, convene a special 
meeting of shareholders on his/their own.A special meeting of shareholders 
convened in accordance with the provisions set out in the preceding two 
Paragraphs may appoint an inspector to examine the business and financial 
condition of the company.When the board of directors fails or cannot convene a 
shareholders' meeting on account of share transfer or any other causes, the 
shareholder(s) holding 3% or more of the totle number of outstanding shares of 
the company may, after obtaining an approval from the competent authority, 
 
 
 
18 
 
convene a shareholders' meeting. 
 
102-12 External initiatives 
a. A list of externally-developed economic, environmental and social 
charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization 
subscribes, or which it endorses （ include the date of adoption, the 
countries or operations where applied, and the range of stakeholders 
involved in the development and governance of these initiatives; 
differentiate between non-binding, voluntary initiatives and those with 
which the organization has an obligation to comply）：Voltronic Power 
doesn’t sign any externally-developed economic, environmental and social 
charters, principles, or other initiatives to which the organization 
subscribes, or which it endorses. 
 
102-13 Membership of associations 
a.A list of the main memberships of industry or other associations, and 
national or international advocacy organizations. 
Voltronic Power is the member of Taiwan Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers' 
Association also is the member of Taipei Computer Association. 
 
2. Strategy 
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 
a.A statement from the most senior decision-maker of the organization (such as 
CEO, Chairman, or equivalent senior position) about the relevance of 
sustainability to the organization and its strategy for addressing sustainability. 
Statement from Chairman 
「Perfecting Corporate Social Responsibility to Improve Corporate Governance」 
Information disclosures of policies formulation and implementation results of " ESG：
Environmental & Social & Governance" have always been important indicators for 
Foreign Investment Institutions to evaluate investment targets, also for 
International Brand Company to evaluate suppliers. "Governance" is the most 
important item of the "General Disclosures" in the "Corporate Social Responsibility 
Report"."Environment, Society" and "Economy" are the "Specific Disclosures" in 
the "Corporate Social Responsibility Report". 
Therefore, the business philosophy of Voltronic Power always regards 
“Governance", "Economy", "Environment" and "Society" as the Four Stones of 
 
 
 
19 
 
Corporate Social Responsibility for all stakeholders and the pursuit of Enterprises 
Sustainable Development. As a result, "Corporate Governance" is not only to do 
Corporate Governance for Voltronic Power, but to do the most important part of 
Corporate Social Responsibility; if it can do well in Corporate Social Responsibility, 
it will be able to do a good job of Corporate Governance. 
It is not mandatory for the s to prepare the corporate social responsibility reporting 
industry. 
In order to publicize and practice the most important business philosophy of the 
company, although the industry of Voltronic Power is not the industry that 
Competent Authorities regulating which should compulsorily compiling the Social 
Responsibility Report, neither the capital amount of Voltronic Power has not 
reached the standard that Competent Authorities regulating which should 
compulsorily compiling the Social Responsibility Report, however, in 2015, 
Voltronic Power established the "Corporate Social Responsibility Task Force ", 
which is directly supervised by Chairman, periodically reports to the Board, and 
"voluntarily" issued annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report (currently 
published for 2014, 2015, and 2016 years) in accordance with the G4 (Fourth 
Generation）Sustainability Reporting Guidelines published by the Global Reporting 
Initiative(GRI), and published in two languages as Chinese and English due to the 
needs of shareholders and global customers. 
In order to follow the latest pace of internationalization and compiling a more 
sophisticated Corporate Social Responsibility Report, Voltronic Power early 
adoption of Global Reporting Initiative Standards 2016 published by the Global 
Sustainability Standards Board（the effective date of the Standards is July 1st, 2018, 
but encourages early adoption）, to show the most positive attitude of Voltronic 
Power towards the sustainability topic and corporate social responsibility in the 
Global Supply Chain. 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
Chairman of the Board  Hsieh Juor-Ming 
3. Ethics and integrity 
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior 
In order to improve the Ethical Management, Voltronic Power according to the 
resolution of the board of directors, in November 2015 establishing Ethical 
Management Task Force, under the board of directors, is responsible for adopting 
and supervising the implementation of Ethical Management policy and prevention 
programs. Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles are adopted as 
the following： 
Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice Principles for Voltronic Power 
Technology Corp. 
 Article 1 (Purpose of adoption and scope of application) 
These principles are adopted to foster a corporate culture of ethical 
management and sound development, and offer a reference framework 
for establishing good commercial practices. 
Adopt these principles applicable to the business groups and 
organizations of the corporate, which comprise the subsidiaries, any 
foundation to which the corporate's direct or indirect contribution of 
funds exceeds 50 percent of the total funds received, and other 
institutions or juridical persons which are substantially controlled by 
such corporate ("the business group"). 
 Article 2 (Ethical policies)  
 
 
 
21 
 
The business group shall abide by the operational philosophies of honesty, 
transparency and responsibility, base policies on the principle of good 
faith and establish good corporate governance and risk control and 
management mechanism so as to create an operational environment for 
sustainable development. 
 Article 3   (Prohibit unethical conduct) 
When engaging in commercial activities, directors, supervisors, 
managers, employees, and mandatories of the business group or persons 
having substantial control over the business group as  substantial 
controllers ("persons of the business group ") shall not directly or 
indirectly offer, promise to offer, request or accept any improper benefits, 
nor commit unethical acts including breach of ethics, illegal acts, or 
breach of fiduciary duty ("unethical conduct") for purposes of acquiring 
or maintaining benefits. 
Parties referred to in the preceding paragraph include civil servants, 
political candidates, political parties or members of political parties, 
state-run or private-owned businesses or institutions, and their directors, 
supervisors, managers, employees or substantial controllers or other 
stakeholders. 
Article 4 (Types of benefits) 
“Benefits" in these Principles means any money, gratuity, gift, 
commission, position, service, preferential treatment, rebate, facilitating 
payment, entertainment, dining, or any other item of value in whatever 
form or name. Benefits received or given occasionally in accordance with 
accepted social customs and that do not adversely affect specific rights 
and obligations shall be excluded. 
Article 5 (Regulations compliance)  
The business group shall comply with the local Company Act, Business 
Entity Accounting Act, Political Donations Act, Anti-Corruption Statute, 
Government Procurement Act, Act on Recusal of Public Servants Due to 
Conflicts of Interest, or other laws or regulations regarding commercial 
activities, the Securities and Exchange Act and TWSE/GTSM listing 
rules of the territory where the head company of the business group is 
operating, as the underlying basic premise to facilitate ethical corporate 
management. 
of the territory where the companies and their business group  
Persons of the business group shall comply with these principles and the 
 
 
 
22 
 
applicable laws and regulations as well as the prevention programs when 
conducting business. And the applicable prevention programs shall be 
adopted pursuant to relevant laws and regulations of the territory where 
the companies and their business group are operating. 
Article 6 (Organization and responsibility) 
The directors, supervisors, managers, employees, mandatories, and 
substantial controllers of the business group shall exercise the due care 
of good administrators to urge the company to prevent unethical conduct, 
always review the results of the preventive measures and continually 
make adjustments so as to ensure thorough implementation of the ethical 
corporate management policies. 
Human resources unit: In charge of the amendment, implementation, 
interpretation, and advisory services with respect to these principles, the 
recording and filing of reports, and the promoting awareness education. 
Planning the internal organization, structure, and allocation of 
responsibilities and setting up check-and-balance mechanisms for 
mutual supervision of the business activities within the business scope 
which are possibly at a higher risk for unethical conduct. 
Audit office or other designated responsible for the investigation unit：
Supervise or investigate the implementation of the relevant units, and 
submit reports to the board of directors. 
Article 7 (Scope of prevention programs) 
When establishing the prevention programs, shall analyze which 
business activities within the business scope which are possibly at a 
higher risk of being involved in an unethical conduct, and strengthen the 
preventive measures. 
The prevention programs adopted by the corporate shall at least include 
preventive measures against the following: 
1, Offering and acceptance of bribes. 
2, Illegal political donations. 
3, Improper charitable donations or sponsorship. 
4, Offering or acceptance of unreasonable presents or hospitality, or 
other improper benefits. 
5, Misappropriation of trade secrets and infringement of trademark 
rights, patent rights, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. 
6, Engaging in unfair competitive practices. 
 
 
 
23 
 
7, Damage directly or indirectly caused to the rights or interests, health, 
or safety of consumers or other stakeholders in the course of research 
and development, procurement, manufacture, provision, or sale of 
products and services. 
Article 8 (Prohibition against offering or accepting bribes) 
When conducting business, the business group and persons of the 
business group may not directly or indirectly offer, promise to offer, 
request, or accept any improper benefits in whatever form to or from 
clients, agents, contractors, suppliers, public servants, or other 
stakeholders. The preceding provision does not apply where the conduct 
meets the laws of the territory where the companies and their business 
group are operating. 
Article 9 (Prohibition against illegal political donations) 
When directly or indirectly offering a donation to political parties or 
organizations or individuals participating in political activities, the 
business group and persons of the business group shall comply with the 
Political Donations Act and their own relevant internal operational 
procedures, and shall not make such donations in exchange for 
commercial gains or business advantages. 
Political donations by the business group shall be according to the 
following provisions, reporting to the chairman of the business group's 
head company for approval, and giving a notification to the responsible 
people or unit, and the amount of the political donations shall be made 
only after being approved by the approval level of the approval authority 
table. 
1, It shall be ascertained that the political donations including the 
maximum amount and the donation form whether are in compliance 
with the national Political Donations Act and other relevant laws of 
the country in which the political donation recipient is located. 
2, A written record of the decision-making process shall be kept. 
3, Account entries shall be made for all political donations in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations and relevant procedures for 
accounting treatment. 
4, In making political donations, commercial dealings, applications for 
permits, or carrying out other matters involving the interests of this 
Corporation with the related government agencies shall be avoided. 
Article 10 (Prohibition against improper charitable donations or sponsorships) 
 
 
 
24 
 
When making or offering charitable donations and sponsorships, the 
business group and persons of the business group shall comply with 
relevant laws and regulations and internal operational procedures, and 
shall not surreptitiously engage in bribery. 
When making or offering charitable donations or sponsorships, the 
business group and persons of the business group shall be according to 
the following provisions, reporting to the chairman of the business 
group's head company for approval, and giving a notification to the 
responsible people or unit, and the amount of the charitable donations or 
sponsorships shall be made only after being approved by the approval 
level of the approval authority table. 
1, It shall be ascertained that the charitable donations or sponsorships 
are in compliance with the laws and regulations of the territory where 
the companies and their business group are operating. 
2, A written record of the decision-making process shall be kept. 
3, The object of charitable donation should be charity organization, and 
the charitable donation shall not surreptitiously engage in bribery. 
4, The returns received as a result of any sponsorship shall be specific 
and reasonable, and the subject of the sponsorship may not be a 
counterparty of this Corporation's commercial dealings or a party 
with which any personnel of this Corporation has a relationship of 
interest. 
5, After a charitable donation or sponsorship has been given, it shall be 
ascertained that the destination to which the money flows is consistent 
with the purpose of the contribution. 
Article11 (Prohibition against offering or acceptance of improper interests including 
unreasonable presents, hospitality or other improper benefits) 
Except under one of the following circumstances, when persons of the 
business group directly or indirectly offer, promise to offer, request, or 
accept any benefit as specified in Article 4, shall comply with the 
provisions of these principles and the relevant procedures shall have been 
carried out： 
1, Meet the laws and regulations of the territory where the companies 
and their business group are operating. 
2, The conduct is undertaken to meet business needs and is in accordance 
with local courtesy, convention, or custom during domestic (or foreign) 
 
 
 
25 
 
visits, reception of guests, promotion of business, and communication 
and coordination. 
3, The conduct has its basis in ordinary social activities that are attended 
or others are invited to hold in line with accepted social custom, 
commercial purposes, or developing relationships. 
4, Invitations to guests or attendance at commercial activities or factory 
visits in relation to business needs, when the method of fee payment, 
number of participants, class of accommodations, and the time period 
for the event or visit have been specified in advance. 
5, Attendance at folk festivals that are open to and invite the attendance 
of the general public. 
6, 
Rewards, 
emergency 
assistance, 
condolence 
payments, 
or 
honorariums from the management. 
7, Money, property, or other benefits offered to or accepted from relatives 
or frequent contacts friends. 
8, Reasonable property received due to engagement, marriage, maternity, 
relocation, assumption of a position, promotion or transfer, retirement, 
resignation, or severance, or the injury, illness, or death of the 
recipient or the recipient's spouse or lineal relative. 
9, Other conduct that complies with the rules of this Corporation. 
Article 12 (Procedures for handling the acceptance of improper benefits) 
Except under any of the circumstances set forth in the preceding article, 
when any persons of the business group are provided with or are 
promised, either directly or indirectly, any benefits as specified in Article 
4 by a third party, the matter shall be handled in accordance with the 
following procedures： 
1, If there is no relationship of interest between the parties providing or 
offering the benefit and the official duties of this Corporation's 
personnel, the personnel shall report to their immediate supervisor 
within 3 days from the acceptance of the benefit, and general manager 
shall be notified if necessary. 
2, If a relationship of interest does exist between the party providing or 
offering the benefit and the official duties of this Corporation's 
personnel, the personnel shall return or refuse the benefit, and shall 
report to his or her immediate supervisor and notify general manager. 
When the benefit cannot be returned, then within 3 days from the 
 
 
 
26 
 
acceptance of the benefit, the personnel shall refer the matter to 
general manager for handling. 
"A relationship of interest between the party providing or offering the 
benefit and the official duties of this Corporation's personnel" as 
referred to in the preceding paragraph, refers to one of the following 
circumstances： 
1, When the two parties have commercial dealings, a relationship of 
direction and supervision, or subsidies (or rewards) for expenses. 
2, When a contracting, trading, or other contractual relationship is being 
sought, are in progress, or have been established. 
3, Other circumstances in which a decision regarding this Corporation's 
business, or the execution or non-execution of business, will result in a 
beneficial or adverse impact. 
General Manager shall make a proposal to implement, based on the 
nature and value of the benefit under paragraph 1, that it be returned, 
accepted on payment, given to the public, donated to charity, or handled 
in another appropriate manner. 
Article 13 (Prohibition of and handling procedure for facilitating payments) 
The business group shall neither provide nor promise any facilitating 
payment. 
If any person of the business group provides or promises a facilitating 
payment under threat or intimidation, they shall submit a report to their 
immediate supervisor stating the facts and shall notify general manager. 
Upon receipt of the report under the preceding paragraph, general 
manager shall assign personnel to take immediate action and undertake 
a review of relevant matters in order to minimize the risk of recurrence. 
In a case involving alleged illegality, the responsible unit shall also 
immediately report to the relevant judicial agency. 
Article 14 (Recusal) 
Directors, managers or other stakeholders attending or present at a 
board meeting shall practice a high degree of self-discipline. If any 
director or a juristic person represented by a director is an interested 
party with respect to any agenda item, the director shall state the 
important aspects of the interested party relationship at the respective 
meeting. When the relationship is likely to prejudice the interests of the 
company or the business group, the director may not participate in 
 
 
 
27 
 
discussion or voting on that agenda item, and further, shall enter recusal 
during discussion and voting on that item and may not act as another 
director's proxy to exercise voting rights on that matter. The directors 
shall practice self-discipline among them, and may not support each 
other in an inappropriate manner. 
Persons of the business group shall not take advantage of their positions 
or influence in the companies to obtain improper benefits for themselves, 
their spouses, parents, children or any other person. 
If in the course of conducting company business, any personnel of the 
business group discovers that a potential conflict of interest exists 
involving themselves or the juristic person that they represent, or that 
they or their spouse, parents, children, or a person with whom they have 
a relationship of interest is likely to obtain improper benefits, the 
personnel shall report the relevant matters to both his or her immediate 
supervisor and general manager, and the immediate supervisor or 
general manager shall provide the personnel with proper instructions. 
No personnel of the business group may use company resources on 
commercial activities other than those of this corporation or the business 
group, nor may any personnel's job performance be affected by his or 
her involvement in the commercial activities other than those of this 
corporation or the business group. 
Article 15 (Prohibit infringement of intellectual property) 
The business group and persons of the business group shall observe 
applicable laws and regulations, the company's and the business group's 
internal operational procedures and contractual provisions concerning 
intellectual property, may not disclose to any other party any trade 
secrets, trademarks, patents, works, and other intellectual properties of 
this Corporation and the business group of which they have learned, nor 
may they inquire about or collect any trade secrets, trademarks, patents, 
and other intellectual properties of this Corporation and the business 
group unrelated to their individual duties. And may not use, disclose, 
dispose, or damage intellectual property or otherwise infringe 
intellectual property rights without the prior consent of the intellectual 
property rights holder. 
Article 16 (Prohibition against the acts of unfair competition) 
The business group shall engage in business activities in accordance with 
applicable competition laws and regulations. 
 
 
 
28 
 
Article 17 (Prevent products or services to harm stakeholders) 
Shall to gather and understand the applicable laws, regulations and 
international standards that shall be observed by the business group and 
persons of the business group regarding its products and services, to 
impel personnel of the business group to abide by the applicable laws, 
regulations and international standards in the course of research and 
development, procurement, manufacture, provision, or sale of products 
and services, to ensure the transparency of information about, and safety 
of the products and services. To prevent the products and services from 
directly or indirectly damaging the rights and interests, health, and safety 
of consumers or other stakeholders. Where there are media reports, or 
sufficient facts to determine, that the business group's products or 
services are likely to pose any hazard to the safety and health of 
consumers or other stakeholders, in principle recall those products or 
suspend the services as soon as possible, verify the facts and present a 
review and improvement plan. The managers shall regard the materiality, 
report to the board of directors about the event as in the preceding 
paragraph, actions taken, and subsequent reviews and corrective 
measures taken if necessary. 
Article18 (Task force in charge of confidentiality regime and its responsibilities) 
General Manager Office is the task force to deal with trade secrets, 
charged with formulating and implementing procedures for managing, 
preserving, and maintaining the confidentiality of the company's trade 
secrets and it shall also conduct reviews on the results of implementation 
if necessary to ensure the sustained effectiveness of the confidentiality 
procedures. 
Article19 (Prohibition against disclosure of confidential secrets) 
The personnel of the business group shall do comply with the operating 
provisions of the company's and the business group's commercial secrets, 
may not disclose to any other party any confidential secrets of the 
company and the business group of which they have learned, nor may 
they inquire about or collect any commercial secrets of the company and 
the business group unrelated to their individual duties.  
Article20 (Prohibition against insider trading) 
The personnel of the business group shall comply with the provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Act of the territory where the head company 
of the business group is operating, and may not take advantage of 
 
 
 
29 
 
undisclosed information of which they have learned to engage in insider 
trading.  Personnel are also prohibited from divulging undisclosed 
information to any other party, in order to prevent other party from 
using such information to engage in insider trading.  
Article21   (Non-disclosure agreement) 
Any organization or person outside of the business group that is involved 
in any merger, division , acquisition and share transfer, major 
memorandum of understanding, strategic alliance, other business 
partnership plan, or the signing of a major contract by the business 
group shall be required to sign a non-disclosure agreement in which they 
undertake not to disclose to any other party any trade secret or other 
material information of the business group acquired as a result, and that 
they may not use such information without the prior consent of the 
business group. 
Article22 (Accounting and internal control) 
The business group shall establish effective accounting systems and 
internal control systems for business activities possibly at a higher risk of 
being involved in an unethical conduct, not have under-the-table 
accounts or keep secret accounts, and conduct reviews regularly so as to 
ensure that the design and enforcement of the systems are showing results. 
The internal audit unit shall periodically examine the company's 
compliance with the foregoing systems and prepare audit reports and 
submit the same to the board of directors or directors. The internal audit 
unit may engage a certified public accountant to carry out the audit, and 
may engage professionals to assist if necessary. 
Article23 (Announcement of policy of ethical management to outside parties) 
The business group shall timely disclose and express the policy of ethical 
management, adopt measures and implementation results in its internal 
rules and regulations, annual reports, prospectus, the company's 
websites, and in other promotional materials or external activities, in 
order to make the internal personnel and external stakeholders fully 
aware of the principles and rules with respect to ethical management. 
Article24 (Avoidance of commercial dealings with unethical operators) 
Any personnel of the business group, when engaging in commercial 
activities, shall understand the ethical management status of the trading 
counterparty, and shall make a statement to the trading counterparty 
about the business group's ethical management policy and related rules. 
 
 
 
30 
 
All personnel of the business group shall avoid business transactions with 
an agent, supplier, customer, or other counterparty in commercial 
interactions that is involved in unethical conduct. When the counterparty 
or partner in cooperation is found to have engaged in unethical conduct, 
the personnel shall immediately cease dealing with the counterparty in 
order to effectively implement the business group’s ethical management 
policy. 
Article25 (Stipulation of terms of ethical management in contracts) 
Before entering into a contract with another party, the business group 
shall gain a thorough knowledge of the status of the other party's ethical 
management, and shall make observance of the ethical management 
policy part of the terms and conditions of the contract, stipulating the 
following matters: 
1, When a party to the contract becomes aware that any personnel has 
violated the terms and conditions pertaining to prohibition of 
acceptance of commissions, rebates, or other improper benefits, the 
party shall immediately notify the other party of the violator's identity, 
the manner in which the provision, promise, request, or acceptance 
was made, and the monetary amount or other improper benefit that 
was provided, promised, requested, or accepted. The party shall also 
provide the other party with pertinent evidence and cooperate fully 
with the investigation. If there has been resultant damage to either 
party, the party may claim from the other party certain percent of the 
contract price as damages, and may also deduct the full amount of the 
damages from the contract price payable. 
2, Where a party is discovered to be engaged in unethical conduct in its 
commercial activities, the other party may terminate or rescind the 
contract unconditionally at any time. 
3, Specific and reasonable payment terms, including the place and 
method of payment and the requirement for compliance with related 
tax laws and regulations. 
Article26 (Actions upon event of unethical conduct by others towards the business 
group) 
If any personnel of the business group discovers that another party has 
engaged in unethical conduct towards the business group, and such 
unethical conduct involves alleged illegality, the business group shall 
report the relevant facts to the judicial and prosecutorial authorities; 
 
 
 
31 
 
where a public service agency or public official is involved, the business 
group shall additionally notify the governmental anti-corruption agency. 
Article27 (Handling of unethical conduct by personnel of the business group) 
When finding or receiving the report of the business group's personnel 
involved in the unethical conduct, shall immediately identify the relevant 
facts. If a person being informed of is confirmed to have indeed violated 
the applicable laws and regulations or the business group's policy and 
regulations of ethical management, shall immediately require the violator 
to cease the conduct and shall make an appropriate disposition. When 
necessary, the business group will institute legal proceedings and seek 
damages to safeguard its reputation and its rights and interests. 
With respect to confirmed information, the business group shall charge 
relevant units with the task of reviewing the internal control system and 
relevant procedures and proposing corrective measures to prevent 
recurrence. 
The audit unit or other responsible unit shall submit to the board of 
directors a report on the whistleblowing case, actions taken, and 
subsequent reviews and corrective measures. 
Documentation of case acceptance, investigation processes and 
investigation results shall be retained by the receive and audit unit for at 
least five years. In the event of a suit in respect of the whistleblowing case 
before the retention period expires, the relevant information shall continue 
to be retained after the conclusion of the litigation at least five years. 
 Article28 (Establishment of a system for rewards, penalties, and complaints, and 
related disciplinary measures) 
The business group establishes an informant mailbox (whistleblower 
@voltronic.com.tw), human resource unit and audit unit also are the 
channels for whistleblowers to submit reports. The whistleblowers may 
also report to independent directors, managers, immediate supervisors or 
any other appropriate persons. External whistleblowers may  through the 
previously described informant mailbox（The letters will be automatically 
forwarded to the independent directors of the head company of the 
business group and the highest order supervisors）or through other contact 
methods of the business group's supervisors to submit reports. The related 
handling units shall represent they will keep the whistleblowers’ identity 
and contents of information confidential, to protect the whistleblowers 
 
 
 
32 
 
from improper treatment due to their whistle-blowing. 
If the report violations involving directors or senior executives, the 
handling units shall report the information to independent directors of the 
business group's head company. When material misconduct or likelihood 
of material impairment to the business group comes to their awareness 
upon investigation, the handling units and investigation units shall 
immediately prepare a report and notify the independent directors of the 
business group's head company. 
This business group shall link the effectiveness of the implementation of 
the ethical management and the informant credit to employee 
performance evaluations and human resources policy. 
The business group regarding the personnel of the business group who 
violates ethical conduct, shall be in accordance with relevant laws and 
regulations or personnel regulations to penalty, also shall timely  disclose 
on the intranet or internal meeting information the violation case and the 
actions taken in response. 
If the punished persons suppose improper disposal of the business group, 
cause their legitimate rights and interests have been infringed, they can 
appeal to the independent directors of the business group's head company, 
managers, human resources unit supervisor, audit unit supervisor, 
immediate supervisors or other appropriate personnel, as a remedy. 
Article29 (Education and training) 
The business group shall timely in the board of directors, internal meetings, 
training courses and intranet to convey the importance of ethical conduct 
and to propaganda these principles, make persons of the business group 
fully understand the determination for ethical management of the business 
group, policy, prevention programs and serious consequences of unethical 
conduct. 
Article30 (The review and revision of the policies and measures for ethical 
management) 
The business group shall always pay attention to domestic and foreign 
ethical management relevant regulations development, encourage the 
directors, supervisors managers and employees to propose suggestions, 
according to review and revise ethical management policies and promoting 
measures, in order to enhance the effectiveness of the implementation of 
the business group's ethical management. 
Article31 (Enforcement) 
 
 
 
33 
 
These principles and any amendments hereto, shall be implemented after 
adoption by resolution of the board of directors, and shall be reported to 
the shareholders meeting. 
When these principles are submitted to the board of directors for 
discussion, each independent director's opinions shall be taken into full 
consideration, and their objections and reservations expressed shall be 
recorded in the minutes of the board of directors meeting. An independent 
director that is unable to attend a board meeting in person to express 
objection or reservation shall provide a written opinion before the board 
meeting unless there is a legitimate reason to do otherwise, and the opinion 
shall be recorded in the minutes of the board of directors meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
4. Governance 
102-18 Governance structure 
a.Governance structure of the organization, including committees of the 
highest governance body. 
b. Committees responsible for decision-making on economic, environmental, 
and social topics. 
Organization Structure 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors is one of the two core institutions in Voltronic Power’s 
corporate governance organizational structure, in accordance with the articles of 
incorporation, is comprised seven directors, three of them are independent directors, 
are elected by the shareholders' meeting from among the persons with disposing 
capacity. The election of independent directors in that a candidate nomination 
system shall be adopted and those shareholders shall elect independent directors 
from among the listed in the slate of independent director candidates（In the 
Shareholders' Meeting 
Audit 
Committee 
 
Board of Directors 
Remuneration 
Committee 
Nominating 
Committee 
Auditor Office 
CSR Committee 
Ethical Management 
Committee 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
General Manager 
General Manager 
Office 
R&D 
Department 
Finance 
Department 
Management 
Department 
Sales 
Department 
Marketing 
Department 
Procurement 
Department 
Information 
Department 
Corporate Governance 
Committee 
 
 
 
35 
 
shareholders' meeting convened on May 24, 2016, making alterations of the Articles 
of Incorporation, the election of all directors comprising non-independent directors, 
a candidate nomination system shall be adopted and those shareholders shall elect 
all directors from among the listed in the slate of independent director and non-
independent director candidates）. According to the Company Law and the Articles 
of Incorporation, the terms of all directors（comprising independent directors, non-
independent directors, executive directors, non-executive directors）, all are three 
years, but he/she may be eligible for re-election. There is no “Classified Board 
System”. The percentage of total registered shares owned by the directors and 
supervisors at total issued shares, according to the provisions of the securities 
regulatory authority. Take out liability insurance for all directors and supervisors 
and reporting to Board of Directors. 
In 2017, there were 7 directors, 1 was female director and 6 were male directors. Age 
of the Youngest Director is 49 years old, age of the Oldest Director is 72 years old, 
Board average age is 61 years old. According to the provisions of the Taiwan 
Company Law of, the director must be upon reaching the twentieth year of age and 
has the capacity to make juridical acts. 
There were 5 of non-executive directors and 2 of executive directors on board; the 
chairman of the board was elected by the board of directors. The chairman of the 
board of directors shall internally preside the shareholders' meeting, the meeting of 
the board of directors, and shall externally represent the company. Because the 
chairman of the board is CEO duality, so Voltronic Power voluntarily appoints more 
1 independent director than that is required by laws, and the Audit Committee was 
composed of the entire 3 of independent directors. 
The board of directors shall exercise its functions according to the provisions of 
relevant acts and articles of incorporation and rules for the proceedings of board 
meetings and resolution of the shareholders' meeting etc. Also supervise the 
management team of the company, responsible for the overall operation of the 
company. Each director has the same voting rights on the board. The internal 
auditing officer also presents at the regular board of directors to report on the 
implementation of the internal audit and issues the audit report for reference. The 
major resolutions of the board of directors disclose on Market Observation Post 
System and the company's website. 
In order to implement corporate governance, improve the supervision function and 
strengthen the management function, Voltronic Power in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of Regulations Governing Procedure for Board of Directors 
 
 
 
36 
 
Meetings of Public Companies to set up the rules of the company's Board of 
Directors Meetings for following. When the directors themselves or on behalf of as 
the juristic person authorized representatives who have the personal interest in the 
matter under discussion at a meeting, which may impair the interest of the company, 
shall not vote nor exercise the voting to protect the interests of the company and the 
shareholders. 
In order to promote the implementation of corporate social responsibility, Voltronic 
Power according to the resolution of the board of directors, in November 2015 
establishing To Promote Corporate Social Responsibility Task Force and was 
upgraded as To Promote Corporate Social Responsibility Committee in December 
2017, which is directly supervised by the chairman (who is the executive director 
with responsibility for corporate social responsibility), be responsible for corporate 
social responsibility policy, system and related management policy, propose and 
implement specific action plans, regularly report to the board of directors and 
publish corporate social responsibility report. Regarding economic, environmental 
and social issues arising from operating activities, the board of directors authorized 
general manager and general manager office to deal, then report to board of 
directors the handle results. 
Also in order to improve the Ethical Management, Voltronic Power according to the 
resolution of the board of directors, in November 2015 establishing Ethical 
Management Task Force and was upgraded as Ethical Management Committee in 
December 2017, under the board of directors, is responsible for adopting and 
supervising the implementation of Ethical Management policy and prevention 
programs, and regularly report the relevant necessary matters to board of directors. 
In addition, in order to implement Corporate Governance, establishing Corporate 
Governance Committee in December 2017, under the board of directors, is 
responsible for corporate governance related affairs（including but not limited to 
providing the materials required by the director in the course of performing his/her 
duties, handling the matters related to the meeting of the board of directors and the 
shareholders' meeting in accordance with laws, dealing with the company 
registration and alteration registration, preparing also performing public 
announcement and registration the annual report, recording the minutes of the 
meeting of the board of directors and of the shareholders' meeting, performing 
registration and public announcement of the shares holding or holding change by 
insiders, performing public announcement and registration the financial 
information, performing public announcement the material information, handling 
 
 
 
37 
 
the matters related to the Corporate Governance Evaluation.）, which is directly 
supervised by the chairman (who is the executive director with responsibility for 
corporate governance), and regularly report the relevant necessary matters to board 
of directors. 
Voltronic Power’s directors all with professional background and most are also 
engaged in the professional field, and adherence to the provisions of "Directions for 
the Implementation of Continuing Education for Directors and Supervisors of 
TWSE / GTSM Listed Companies" to take part in the related study course and take 
the proof document. 
The incumbent directors all have rich operating or academic experience, the board 
of directors shall meet at least quarterly. In the most recent year (2017), the board 
of directors convened a total of six boards of directors meetings (A). The director's 
attendance is as follows, Board Meeting average attendance was 86%, and number 
of Directors Attending less than 75% of Board Meetings is 2. 
Fact of participation by the directors: 
 
Title 
Name 
Times of 
Attendance in 
Person (B) 
Times of 
Attendance by 
Proxy 
Actual 
Attendance Ratio 
(%) (B/A) 
Remarks 
Chairman 
Hsieh Juor-Ming 
6 
0 
100% 
－ 
Director 
Representative of Open Great 
International Investment Limited 
Company: Chen Tsui-Fang 
4 
1 
67% 
－ 
Director 
FSP Group Representative: Cheng 
Ya-Jen 
5 
1 
83% 
 
Director 
Representative of RPS S.P.A: 
Roberto Facci 
0 
2 
0% 
－ 
Independent 
director 
Lee Chien-Jan 
6 
0 
100% 
－ 
Independent 
director 
Hsu Chun-An 
6 
0 
100% 
－ 
Independent 
director 
Yang Ching-Hsi 
5 
1 
83% 
－ 
Note 1: In Year 2017, the average participation ratio of directors in the board of directors meetings was 76.19% 
Note 2: Resigned on March 20, 2018. 
 
In Year 2017, the participation by independent directors in the board of directors  
meetings v: Participation in person ◎: Participate in through a proxy x: Absent 
Year 2017 
The 1st 
meeting 
The 2nd 
meeting 
The 3rd 
meeting 
The 4th 
meeting 
The 5th 
meeting 
The 6th 
meeting 
Lee Chien-
Jan 
v 
v 
v 
v 
v 
v 
Hsu Chun-An 
(Note 2) 
v 
v 
v 
v 
v 
v 
Yang Ching-
Hsi 
v 
v 
◎ 
v 
v 
v 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
1, In the event of the following circumstances, dates, No. of board meetings, proposals, opinions from all 
independent directors and the company’s response to the opinion of independent directors should be noted: 
I. Any issues listed in Article 14-3 of the Securities and Exchange Act  
 
Date 
Term 
Proposal  
Opinions from all the 
independent directors and the 
company’s response to such 
opinions 
02/24/2017 
The 11th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of the partial amendment to 
the Procedures for the Acquisition or 
Disposal of Assets 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
05/04/2017 
The 12th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of the credit line for loans to 
subsidiaries 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
08/10/2017 
The 14th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of the credit line for loans to 
subsidiaries 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to such 
opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
09/28/2017 
The 15th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
1. Approval of the "Internal Control 
System" , "Rules of Procedures 
Governing Board of Directors Meetings" 
and such rules 
2. Approval of leasehold for the plants 
and offices 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
11/08/2017 
The 16h 
meeting of 
Session Four 
1. Approval of audit plans for Year 2018  
2. Approval of increase in the investment 
in the subsidiary(s) in China. 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
02/26/2018 
The 17th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
1. Approval of the proposals posed by the 
Remuneration Committee in the 8th 
Meeting of Session Two.  
2. Approval of Declaration of Internal 
Control System Year 2017. 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
 
 
 
39 
 
3. Approval of partial amendment to the 
"Internal Control System". 
4. Approval of change in the Certified 
Public Accountants in response to the 
internal adjustment in the Deloitte 
Touche Tohmatsu International Taiwan  
5. Approval of fees payable to the 
Certified Public Accountants in Year 
2018  
consent from all the directors 
present 
04/13/2018 
The 18th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of partial amendment to the 
"Internal Control System". 
Opinion from independent 
directors: none 
The company’s response to 
such opinions: none 
Resolution: unanimous 
consent from all the directors 
present 
II.Other than the above items, other board meeting discussions that independent directors have expressed 
dissenting opinion or qualified opinion as recorded or stated in writing: None 
2, Facts by directors in avoidance from conflict of interests: State the names of directors, contents of agenda, causes 
of avoidance, participation and resolutions:  
i. February 24, 2017: The board of directors discussed the decision resolved by the 
Remuneration Committee in the 5th meeting of Session Two.  In the event, Director Hsieh 
Jour-Ming did not participate in the voting process because of avoidance from conflict of 
interests. 
ii. August 10, 2017: The board of directors discussed the decision resolved by the 
Remuneration Committee in the 7th meeting of Session Two.  In the event, Director Hsieh 
Jour-Ming and the Representative from Open Great International Investment Limited 
Company, Chen Tsui-Fang did not participate in the voting process because of avoidance 
from conflict of interests. 
iii. September 28, 2017: The board of directors discussed the issue about leasehold of plants 
and offices.  In the event, Directors Hsieh Jour-Ming and the Representative from Open 
Great International Investment Limited Company, Chen Tsui-Fang did not participate in 
the voting process because of avoidance from conflict of interests. 
iv. February 26, 2017: The board of directors discussed the decision resolved by the 
Remuneration Committee in the 8th meeting of Session Two.  In the event, Director Hsieh 
Jour-Ming did not participate in the voting process because of avoidance from conflict of 
interests. 
3, Efforts to strengthen the performance of the board of directors in the current year and the most recent year 
(e.g., establish the Audit Committee to promote transparency) and the facts of implementation: 
I. Efforts to strengthen the performance of the board of directors:  
i. After the approval by the shareholders’ annual meeting on May 24, 2016 on the amendment to the Articles 
of Incorporation, we established the Audit Committee in replace of supervisors.  
ii. There are three function committees under the board: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee 
and the Nomination Committee, to assist the board in fulfilling its duties and responsibilities. Both the 
Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee are comprised of the three independent directors. 
The Nomination Committee is composed of two independent directors and a committee member. All the 
functional committees report to the board of directors on a regular basis.  
iii. We were ranked as top 5% in 2016 by the Third Corporate Governance Evaluation and also were ranked 
 
 
 
40 
 
as top 5% in 2017 by the Forth Corporate Governance Evaluation among all the companies listed on the 
Taiwan Stock Exchange. 
II. Evaluation of the implementation: 
In accordance with Article 37 of the “Corporate Governance Best-Practice Principles for TSEC/GTSM 
Listed Companies”, the Company duly enacted the “Regulations Governing Evaluation of Performance of 
Board of Directors”.  In 2016, the Company conducted self-evaluation on the composition and structure of 
the board of directors, election of directors and independent directors, organization and continued higher 
training programs for functional committees, extent of participate in the Company’s business operation, 
corporate governance and corporate social responsibility, internal control system, business performance 
and the like. The self-evaluation results were submitted to the board of directors on February 26, 2018. The 
Regulations Governing Evaluation of Performance of Board of Directors and the evaluation results on the 
board’s performance are disclosed at the section of Corporate Governance on our official website at http: 
http://www.voltronicpower.com.tw.  
III.Overall capabilities the board of directors should be equipped with 
Diversity 
 
 
Director’s name 
Sex 
Compliance  
Business 
judgement 
Accounting 
and financial 
analysis 
Business 
management 
Crisis 
management 
Industry 
knowledge 
Internatio
nal 
outlook 
Leadership 
Decision- making 
capability 
Hsieh Chuo-Ming 
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
Representative of 
Open Great 
International 
Investment 
Limited 
Company: Chen 
Tsui-Fang 
Female 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
FSP Group  
Representative of 
RPS S.P.A: 
Roberto Facci 
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
Representative: 
Cheng Ya-Jen  
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
V 
Lee Chien-Jan 
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
* 
V 
V 
V 
Hsu Chun-An 
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
* 
V 
V 
V 
Yang Ching-Hsi 
Male 
V 
V 
V 
V 
* 
V 
V 
V 
Note: * refers to partially equipped 
Audit Committee 
Audit Committee form another of the two core institutions in Voltronic Power’s 
corporate governance organizational structure, also referred to as Those Charged 
With Governance（TCWG）in the new Auditor's Report. 
In the shareholders' meeting convened on May 24, 2016, making alterations of the 
Articles of Incorporation, established an Audit Committee in lieu of supervisors. 
The Audit Committee was composed of the entire number of independent directors：
Lee Chien-Jan, Hsu Chun-An, Yang Ching-His, who all are independent directors 
 
 
 
41 
 
also are Non-Executive Directors.  Lee Chien-Jan was elected as the convener and 
meeting chair by the entire membership of the Audit Committee. 
  Information on Members of the Audit Committee 
Identity 
 
Terms 
 
Names 
Meet one of the following 
professional qualification 
requirements, together with 
at least five years’ work 
experience： 
Independence Information 
Number of the 
other public 
companies 
concurrently 
serves as an 
Independent 
Director. 
Remarks 
One 
Two 
Three 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Independent 
Director 
Lee Chien-Jan 
 
－ 
－ 
 
       
Nil 
N/A 
Independent 
Director 
Hsu Chun-An 
－ 
－ 
 
 
       
2 
N/A 
Independent 
Director 
Yang Ching-Hsi 
 
－ 
－ 
 
       
2 
N/A 
One：An instructor in or a higher position in a department of commerce, law, finance, accounting, 
or other academic department related to the business needs of the company in a public or a 
private junior college, college, or university. 
Two：A judge, public prosecutor, attorney, certified public accountant, or other professional or 
technical specialists who has passed a national examination and been awarded a certificate 
in a profession necessary for the business of the company. 
Three：Have work experience in the area of commerce, law, finance, or accounting, or otherwise 
necessary for the business of the company. 
Note 1: The re-election of and selection during the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 30, 
2015. 
Note 2: Please tick with √ mark in the boxes below where the Remuneration Committee members 
prove to have met with the conditions enumerated below in two years before being appointed 
and during their tenure of office 
1.Not an employee of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. 
2.Not a director or supervisor of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. However, it 
does not apply in cases where the person is an independent director of the company, its 
parent company or any subsidiary in which the company holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than 50% of the voting shares. 
3.Not a natural person shareholder who holds shares, together with those held by the 
person’s spouse, minority or held by the person under others’ names, in an aggregate 
amount of 1% or more of the total number of outstanding share of the company or rank as 
top-10 shareholders. 
4.Not a spouse, relative within the second-degree relatives, or lineal relative within the third 
degree, of any of the persons specified in the preceding three notes. 
5.Not a director, supervisor, or employee of a juristic person shareholder that directly holds 
5% or more of the total number of issued shares of the Company or that holds shares 
ranked as top 5 in shareholding. 
6.Not a director, supervisor, manager, or shareholder holding 5% or more of the shares, of a 
specific company or institution that has a financial or business relationship with the 
Company. 
7.Not as a professional individual nor an owner, partner, director, supervisor, manager or 
their spouses of a sole proprietorship, partnership, company, or institution providing 
commercial, legal, financial, accounting or consultation services to the company or its 
affiliated enterprises. 
8.Not been a person or any conditions defined in Article 30 of the Company Act. 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
The Powers of the Audit Committees are as follows： 
1、Powers conferred by the Laws to be exercised by supervisors, shall be exercised 
by the Audit Committee by resolution adopted with the approval of one-half or 
more of the entire membership of the Audit Committee： 
(1) Supervisors shall supervise the execution of business operations of the 
company, and may at any time or from time to time investigate the business 
and financial conditions of the company, examine the accounting books and 
documents, and request the board of directors or managerial personnel to 
make reports thereon.  Supervisors of a company may attend the meeting 
of the board of directors to their opinions. 
(2) In case the board of directors or any director commits any act, in carrying 
out the business operations of the company, in a manner in violation of the 
laws, regulations, the Articles of Incorporation or the resolutions of the 
shareholders’ meeting, the supervisors shall forthwith advise, by a notice, to 
the board of directors or the director, as the case may be, to cease such act. 
(3)  Supervisors shall audit the various statements and records prepared for 
submission to the shareholders’ meeting by the board of directors, and shall 
make a report of their findings and opinions at the meeting of shareholders. 
(4) The supervisors may, for the benefit of the company, call a meeting of 
shareholders when it is deemed necessary. 
2、The following matter, which shall be subject to the consent of one-half or more 
of all Audit Committee members and be submitted to the Board of Directors for 
a resolution: Annual Financial Reports. 
3、The following matters, which shall be subject to the consent of one-half or more 
of all audit committee members and be submitted to the board of directors for a 
resolution；but any following matter that has not been approved with the consent 
of one-half or more of all audit committee members may be undertaken upon the 
consent of two-thirds or more of all directors： 
(1)Adoption or amendment of an internal control system. 
(2)Assessment of the effectiveness of the internal control system. 
(3)Adoption or amendment, of handling procedures for financial or operational 
actions of material significance, such as acquisition or disposal of assets, 
derivatives trading, extension of monetary loans to others, or endorsements or 
guarantees for others. 
(4)A matter bearing on the personal interest of a director. 
 
 
 
43 
 
(5)A material asset or derivatives transaction. 
(6)A material monetary loan, endorsement, or provision of guarantee. 
(7)The offering, issuance, or private placement of any equity-type securities. 
(8)The hiring or dismissal of an attesting CPA, or the compensation given thereto. 
(9)The appointment or discharge of a financial, accounting, or internal auditing 
officer. 
(10)Any other material matter so required by the company or the Competent 
Authority. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing Voltronic Power’s and the 
Group’s financial reporting process. And since the implementation of the New Audit 
Report began, the Certified Public Accountants （CPAs）shall communicate with 
Those Charged With Governance（TCWG, the Audit Committee）the following 
matters： 
1、The CPAs communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that they identify 
during their audit. 
2、The CPAs also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that they have 
complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with the Audit Committee all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards. 
3、From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, the CPAs determine 
those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial 
statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 and are therefore the Key 
Audit Matters（KAMs）. The CPAs describe these matters in their auditors’ 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, the CPAs determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in their report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits 
of such communication. 
Voltronic Power’s independent directors all with professional background and most 
are also engaged in the professional field, and adherence to the provisions of 
"Directions for the Implementation of Continuing Education for Directors and 
Supervisors of TWSE / GTSM Listed Companies" to take part in the related study 
course and take the proof document.  
 
 
 
44 
 
The Audit Committee convened five meetings in 2017 (A). The attendance of 
independent directors was shown below: 
Title 
Name 
Times of Attendance 
in Person (B) 
Times of Attendance 
by Proxy 
Actual attendance 
ratio (%)(B/A)(Note) 
Remark 
Independent 
director 
Lee Chien-
Jan 
5 
0 
100% 
－ 
Independent 
director 
Hsu Chun-An 
5 
0 
100% 
－ 
Independent 
director 
Yang Ching-
Hsi 
5 
0 
100% 
－ 
Note: After the approval by the shareholders’ meeting on May 24, 2016, we established 
Audit Committee in replace of supervisors. 
Other entries as required: 
1, In the event of the following circumstances, dates, No. of meetings, proposals, 
resolutions from the Audit Committee and the company’s response to the opinion 
of the Audit Committee should be noted: 
(1) Any issues listed in Article 14-5 of the Securities and Exchange Act 
Date  
Term 
Proposal  
Resolutions from the Audit Committee 
and the Company’s response to such 
opinions of the Audit Committee 
02/24/2017 The 11th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of self-evaluation results 
Resolutions from the Audit Committee: 
unanimous consent from all the 
committee members present on February 
24, 2017. 
The Company’s response to the opinion 
from the Audit Committee: Duly posed to 
and unanimously resolved by all present 
directors in the 11th board of directors 
meeting of Session Four. 
05/04/2017 The 12th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
1. The personnel regulated under the 
independence in the Certified Public 
Accountant Office have duly complied 
with the professional ethics and have 
duly issued the independence 
declaration reports.  
2. Approval of the credit line for 
Company’s lending of working capital 
to subsidiary(ies)  
Resolutions from the Audit Committee: 
unanimous consent from all the 
committee members present on May 4, 
2017. 
The Company’s response to the opinion 
from the Audit Committee: Duly posed to 
and unanimously resolved by all present 
directors in the 12th board of directors 
meeting of Session Four. 
08/10/2017 The 14th 
 meeting of 
Session Four 
Approval of the credit line for 
Company’s lending of working capital 
to subsidiary(ies) 
Resolutions from the Audit Committee: 
unanimous consent from all the 
committee members present on August 
10, 2017. 
The Company’s response to the opinion 
from the Audit Committee: Duly posed to 
and unanimously resolved by all present 
directors in the 14th board of directors 
meeting of Session Four. 
09/28/2017 The 15th 
1. Approval of the partial amendment Resolutions from the Audit Committee: 
 
 
 
45 
 
meeting of 
Session Four 
to the Company’s "Internal Control 
System"  
2. Approval of leasehold for the plants 
and offices 
unanimous consent from all the 
committee members present on 
September 28, 2017. 
The Company’s response to the opinion 
from the Audit Committee: Duly posed to 
and unanimously resolved by all present 
directors in the 15th board of directors 
meeting of Session Four. 
11/08/2017 The 16th 
meeting of 
Session Four 
1. Approval of the Company’s audit 
plan of Year 2018  
2. Approval of newly increased 
investment in subsidiary(ies) in China  
Resolutions from the Audit Committee: 
unanimous consent from all the 
committee members present on 
November 8, 2017. 
The Company’s response to the opinion 
from the Audit Committee: Duly posed to 
and unanimously resolved by all present 
directors in the 16th board of directors 
meeting of Session Four. 
(2)In addition to the above matters, other matters not approved by the Audit 
Committee but agreed by at least two thirds of the board: none 
2, Please provide the names of the independent directors concerned, proposals, 
reasons to avoid discussion/voting and participation in voting for the issues the 
independent directors should avoid due to conflict of interest: none 
3, Communication among independent directors, internal auditors and CPAs 
(including the issues associated with company financials and businesses, 
communication methods and results): 
(1) The Company Audit Committee and internal auditors maintain good 
communication. If any special circumstances arise, internal auditors report to 
the Audit Committee immediately. No special circumstances occurred in 2017. 
(2) The CPAs communicate with the Audit Committee in the quarterly meetings 
regarding the auditing or reviewing of the quarterly financial reports, and the 
issues in relation to laws and regulations. If any special circumstances arise, 
CPAs report to the Audit Committee promptly. No special circumstances 
occurred in 2017. 
(3)Communication among independent directors, internal auditors and CFAs is 
shown as the following table: 
 Date 
Key issues 
Results 
02/24/2017 
Explanation by the auditors about the results of their 
self-evaluation of the internal evaluation.   
All the attendees agreed 
unanimously. 
CPAs discussed and explains the 
issues raised by meeting attendees.  
05/04/2017 
Report by the Certified Public Accountants about the 
progress of review over the Company’s Financial 
Statements in Quarter I, Year 2017   
Review over the independence of the Certified Public 
Accountants.   
CPAs discussed and explains the 
issues raised by meeting attendees. 
08/10/2017 
Report by the Certified Public Accountants about the 
progress of review over the Company’s Financial 
Statements in Quarter II, Year 2017   
Explanation and proposals by the Certified Public 
CPAs discussed and explains the 
issues raised by meeting attendees. 
 
 
 
46 
 
Accountants about lending of funds inside the Group 
(among subsidiaries). 
 
09/28/2017 
Explanation by the auditors about amendment to the 
Internal Control System.   
All the attendees agreed 
unanimously. 
11/08/2017 
Explanation by the auditors about the annual audit 
plans.   
All the attendees agreed 
unanimously. 
11/08/2017 
Report by the Certified Public Accountants about the 
review of the Company’s Financial Statements as of 
Quarter III, Year 2017.   
Explanations and proposals by the Certified Public 
Accountants regarding the newly incorporated 
subsidiaries inside the Group.   
Explanation and proposals by the Certified Public 
Accountants about lending of funds inside the Group 
(among subsidiaries). 
Explanation by the Certified Public Accountants 
about the latest update of stock & securities control 
related laws.   
Explanation by the Certified Public Accountants 
about the latest update of taxation related laws and 
taxation issues.   
CPAs discussed and explains the 
issues raised by meeting attendees. 
Remuneration Committee 
Members of the Remuneration Committee： 
Voltronic Power’s Remuneration Committee is comprised three members, 
independent director Mr. Lee Chien-Jan, independent director Mr. Hsu Chun-An, 
and independent director Yang Ching-Hsi who were appointed as the members of 
the Remuneration Committee by resolution of the board of directors, then 
independent director Mr. Lee Chien-Jan was elected as the convener and meeting 
chairman by and from among the entire membership of the Remuneration 
Committee. 
   Information on Members of the Remuneration Committee 
Identity 
 
Terms 
 
Names 
Meet one of the following 
professional qualification 
requirements, together with 
at least five years’ work 
experience： 
Independence Information 
Number of the 
other public 
companies 
concurrently 
serves as a 
member of the 
Remuneration 
Committee. 
Remarks 
One 
Two 
Three 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Independent 
Director 
Lee Chien-Jan 
 
－ 
－ 
 
       
1 
N/A 
Independent 
Director 
Hsu Chun-An 
－ 
－ 
 
 
       
2 
N/A 
Independent 
Director 
Yang Ching-Hsi 
 
－ 
－ 
 
       
2 
N/A 
 
 
 
47 
 
One：An instructor in or a higher position in a department of commerce, law, finance, accounting, 
or other academic department related to the business needs of the company in a public or a 
private junior college, college, or university. 
Two：A judge, public prosecutor, attorney, certified public accountant, or other professional or 
technical specialists who has passed a national examination and been awarded a certificate 
in a profession necessary for the business of the company. 
Three：Have work experience in the area of commerce, law, finance, or accounting, or otherwise 
necessary for the business of the company. 
 
Note 1: The re-election of and selection during the General Meeting of Shareholders held on June 
30, 2015. 
Note 2: Please tick with √ mark in the boxes below where the Remuneration Committee members 
prove to have met with the conditions enumerated below in two years before being appointed 
and during their tenure of office 
1.Not an employee of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. 
2.Not a director or supervisor of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. However, it 
does not apply in cases where the person is an independent director of the company, its 
parent company or any subsidiary in which the company holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than 50% of the voting shares. 
3.Not a natural person shareholder who holds shares, together with those held by the 
person’s spouse, minority or held by the person under others’ names, in an aggregate 
amount of 1% or more of the total number of outstanding share of the company or rank as 
top-10 shareholders. 
4.Not a spouse, relative within the second-degree relatives, or lineal relative within the third 
degree, of any of the persons specified in the preceding three notes. 
5.Not a director, supervisor, or employee of a juristic person shareholder that directly holds 
5% or more of the total number of issued shares of the Company or that holds shares 
ranked as top 5 in shareholding. 
6.Not a director, supervisor, manager, or shareholder holding 5% or more of the shares, of a 
specific company or institution that has a financial or business relationship with the 
Company. 
7.Not as a professional individual nor an owner, partner, director, supervisor, manager or 
their spouses of a sole proprietorship, partnership, company, or institution providing 
commercial, legal, financial, accounting or consultation services to the company or its 
affiliated enterprises. 
8.Not been a person or any conditions defined in Article 30 of the Company Act. 
Information on Facts of Performance of the Remuneration Committee 
1,  The Remuneration Committee of the Company is comprised three members. 
2,  Committee members’ tenure of their current term: From June 30, 2015 to June 
29, 2018, and the Remuneration Committee held three meetings in 2017, the 
most recent year (A), and members’ qualifications and their attendance are 
given as bellows:  
Title 
Name 
Times of 
Attendance in 
Person (B) 
Times of 
Attendance by 
Proxy 
Actual 
Attendance 
Ratio (%) 
(B/A) 
Remarks 
Convener / 
Commission 
member 
Lee Chien-Jan 
3 
0 
100% 
－ 
 
 
 
48 
 
Commission 
member 
Hsu Chun-An 
3 
0 
100% 
－ 
Commission 
member 
Yang Ching-
Hsi 
3 
0 
100% 
－ 
Other matters to be noted in the meeting minutes: 
1, If the board of directors refuses to accept of modify suggestions of the Remuneration Committee, the 
meeting date, session, agenda content, results resolved by the board of directors, and the Company’s 
treatment of opinion of the Remuneration Committee should be clearly stated (such as the 
remuneration passed by the Board of Directors are superior to that suggested by the Remuneration 
Committee that the discrepancy and reasons shall be specified): Nil 
2, If the members have opposite opinion or reservations against the resolution of the Remuneration 
Committee and the opinion or reservations have been recorded or documented, the meeting date, 
session, agenda content, the opinion of all members of the Remuneration Committee, and the 
treatment of the members’ opinion should be clearly stated：Nil 
 
Nomination Committee 
Information on members of the Nomination Committee 
Identity 
 
Terms 
 
Names 
Meet one of the following 
professional qualification 
requirements, together with 
at least five years’ work 
experience： 
Independence Information 
Number of the 
other public 
companies 
concurrently 
serves as a an 
Independent 
Director. 
Remarks 
One 
Two 
Three 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
Independent 
Director 
Lee Chien-Jan 
 
－ 
－ 
 
       
Nil 
N/A 
Independent 
Director 
Hsu Chun-An 
－ 
－ 
 
 
       
2 
N/A 
member 
Liao Kuei-Fang 
– 
 
－ 
 
– 
      
2 
N/A 
One：An instructor in or a higher position in a department of commerce, law, finance, accounting, 
or other academic department related to the business needs of the company in a public or a 
private junior college, college, or university. 
Two：A judge, public prosecutor, attorney, certified public accountant, or other professional or 
technical specialists who has passed a national examination and been awarded a certificate 
in a profession necessary for the business of the company. 
Three：Have work experience in the area of commerce, law, finance, or accounting, or otherwise 
necessary for the business of the company. 
Note : Please tick with √ mark in the boxes below where the Remuneration Committee members 
prove to have met with the conditions enumerated below in two years before being appointed 
and during their tenure of office 
1.Not an employee of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. 
2.Not a director or supervisor of the company or any of its affiliated enterprises. However, it 
does not apply in cases where the person is an independent director of the company, its 
parent company or any subsidiary in which the company holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than 50% of the voting shares. 
3.Not a natural person shareholder who holds shares, together with those held by the 
person’s spouse, minority or held by the person under others’ names, in an aggregate 
amount of 1% or more of the total number of outstanding share of the company or rank as 
top-10 shareholders. 
4.Not a spouse, relative within the second-degree relatives, or lineal relative within the third 
 
 
 
49 
 
degree, of any of the persons specified in the preceding three notes. 
5.Not a director, supervisor, or employee of a juristic person shareholder that directly holds 
5% or more of the total number of issued shares of the Company or that holds shares 
ranked as top 5 in shareholding. 
6.Not a director, supervisor, manager, or shareholder holding 5% or more of the shares, of a 
specific company or institution that has a financial or business relationship with the 
Company. 
7.Not as a professional individual nor an owner, partner, director, supervisor, manager or 
their spouses of a sole proprietorship, partnership, company, or institution providing 
commercial, legal, financial, accounting or consultation services to the company or its 
affiliated enterprises. 
8.Not been a person or any conditions defined in Article 30 of the Company Act. 
 
Responsibilities of the Nomination Committee: 
1 、 The Nomination Committee formulates the diversity and independence 
requirements for the professional knowledge, competences, experience and 
gender profile of the board members and senior managers, so that our company 
can identify, review and nominate the candidates for board directors and senior 
managers.  
2、The Nomination Committee constructs and develops the organizational structure 
of the board and different functional committees, reviews the performance of 
the board, functional committees, board directors and senior managers, and 
evaluates the independence of independent directors.  
3、The Nomination Committee establishes and regularly reviews the training and 
education programs for board directors and the succession plan for board 
directors and senior managers. 
Functioning of the Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee is comprised of three members. The tenure of this 
current term starts from November 12, 2015 and ends on June 29, 2018. The 
Nomination Committee did convene meetings twice starting from November 12, 
2015 as of the present date (A). The list of the member’s attendance is as follows: 
Title 
Name 
Times of 
Attendance in 
Person (B) 
Times of Attendance 
by Proxy 
Actual Attendance 
Ratio (%) 
(B/A) 
Remarks 
Convener / 
Independent 
Director 
Lee Chien-
Jan 
2 
0 
100% 
－ 
Independent 
Director 
Hsu Chun-
An 
2 
0 
100% 
－ 
Commission 
member 
Liao Kuei-
Fang 
2 
0 
100% 
－ 
 
Internal Control 
 
 
 
50 
 
For purpose of promoting sound operations of the company, Voltronic Power in 
accordance with " Regulations Governing Establishment of Internal Control 
Systems by Public Companies", considered the company overall operating activities, 
designed and established internal control system,  passed by the board of directors, 
so as to reasonably ensure that the following objectives are achieved：1, Effectiveness 
and efficiency of operations, 2, Reliability, timeliness, transparency, and regulatory 
compliance of reporting, 3, Compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and 
bylaws.  
The Auditor Office which has been established in accordance with regulations, is 
responsible for the effective and comprehensive execution of the company’s internal 
control system, conducts continuous and project supervisory audits. The Auditor 
Office should formulate annual audit plans, passed by the board of directors, then 
to implement.  After having presented the audit reports, should submit the same for 
review by the supervisors also by the independent directors. The internal audit 
officer shall also attend and deliver a report and report the implementation of 
internal audit to the regular board of directors meeting. 
In the implementation of the internal control system, Voltronic Power did not 
encounter materially defective issues in the internal control system in 2017. Audit 
plans and audit results had been uploaded to a public website, to achieve the 
transparency of the company's information. 
Voltronic Power Technology Corp. Declaration of Internal Control System 
Date: February 26, 2018 
Over the Company’s internal control system of 2016, based on the results of our self-
evaluation, we’d hereby like to declare enumerated below:  
1, Here at the Company, we confirm full awareness that implementation and 
maintenance of the internal control system are the inherent responsibility of the 
Company’s board of directors and managers. The Company has duly set up 
such internal control system in an attempt to provide rational assurance of the 
effect and efficiency of the business operation (including profitability, 
performance and assurance of the safety of assets), reliability of reports, 
timeliness, transparency and accomplishment of the compliance targets on 
related requirements, laws and regulations.  
2, Internal control system is subject to inherent restriction, disregarding how sound 
it has been designed. Effective internal control system could only provide 
rational assurance for accomplishment of the three aforementioned targets. 
Besides, in line with the changes in circumstances and environments, 
 
 
 
51 
 
effectiveness of internal control system might change as well. For the Company’s 
internal control system, nevertheless, we have set up sound self-superintendence 
mechanism. As soon as a defect is identified, the Company would take corrective 
action forthwith. 
3, Exactly in accordance with the items of judgments for the effectiveness of the 
internal control system under "Regulations Governing Establishment of 
Internal Control Systems by Public Companies" (hereinafter referred to as 
"Managerial Regulations"), we duly judge whether the internal control system 
is effective in design and implementation. The items adopted for aforementioned 
“Managerial Regulations” for judgment of internal control system are the 
process for management control. The internal control system is composed of five 
composition elements: 1）Circumstances of control, 2）Risk evaluation, 3）
Control operation, 4）Information and communication, and 5）Superintendence.  
Each and every composing element includes a certain items.  For more details 
regarding the aforementioned items, please refer to contents of the "Criteria".  
4, Here at the Company, we have adopted the aforementioned items of judgment 
over internal control system to evaluate the effectiveness of the design and 
implementation of the internal control system.    
5,  On the grounds of the results of evaluation in the preceding paragraph, we are 
confident that the Company’s internal control system in design and 
implementation as of December 31, 2016 (including the superintendence and 
management over subsidiaries), including the understanding of the results and 
efficiency of business operation in accomplishment of the targets, reliability of 
reports, timeliness, transparency and compliance of the relevant laws and 
regulations are effective and would reasonably assure accomplishment of the 
aforementioned targets. 
6, The Declaration will function as the key element of the Company’s Annual Report 
and Prospectus and will be made public externally.  In the event that the 
aforementioned made public involve misrepresentation, concealment or such 
unlawful practice, the Company shall get involved in the legal responsibilities 
under Articles 20, 32, 171 and 174 of the Securities and Exchange Act.   
7, This Declaration has been approved by the Company’s board of directors on 
February 24, 2017. Seven (7) directors were in attendance, none kept objecting 
opinions, and all directors in attendance hereby state their agreement to the 
contents of this declaration. 
Voltronic Power Technology Corp.    
 
 
 
52 
 
Chairman cum General Manager: Hsieh Juor-Ming 
 
Voltronic Power Technology Corp. was ranked as top 5% in 2016 by the Third 
Corporate Governance Evaluation and also was ranked as top 5% in 2017 by the 
Forth Corporate Governance Evaluation among all the companies listed on the 
Taiwan Stock Exchange. 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
5. Stakeholder engagement 
102-40 List of stakeholder groups 
a. A list of stakeholder groups engaged by the organization. 
The stakeholder groups engaged by Voltronic Power are customers, 
employees, shareholders and providers of capital as well as suppliers. 
102-41Collective bargaining agreements 
a. Percentage of total employees covered by collective bargaining 
agreements：not applicable. 
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 
a. The basis for identifying and selecting stakeholders with whom to 
engage. 
The basis for identification and selection of stakeholders with whom to engage, 
Voltronic Power lists all possible stakeholder groups, then excludes that are not 
applicable, the rest are listed for the Stakeholder Engagement.  
possible stakeholder groups 
reasons for exclusion 
stakeholder groups 
Civil society 
The Taiwan and China factories 
of Voltronic Power does not 
exist"Civil society". 
－ 
 
 
 
54 
 
Customers 
－ 
Customers 
Employees, other workers, 
and their trade unions 
Voltronic Power only hiring 
employees, there is no other 
workers, and the employees does 
not form trade unions.  
Employees 
Local communities 
Voltronic Power's factories in 
Taiwan and China all are leased 
from the industrial districts, 
abide by those industrial district 
management codes. 
－ 
Shareholders and 
providers of capital 
  
Shareholders and 
providers of capital 
Suppliers 
  
Suppliers 
 
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 
a. The organization’s approach to stakeholder engagement, including 
frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder group, and an 
indication of whether any of the engagement was undertaken specifically 
as part of the report preparation process. 
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 
a. Key topics and concerns that have been raised through stakeholder 
engagement, including: 
i. how the organization has responded to those key topics and concerns, 
including through its reporting; 
ii. the stakeholder groups that raised each of the key topics and concerns. 
Stakeholder 
group 
Key topics and concerns 
Voltronic’s responsibilities  
Communication channels 
and response methods  
Customers 
－Market Presence 
－Customer Privacy 
－Non-discrimination 
－No Forced or 
Compulsory Labor 
－No Child Labor 
－Anti-corruption 
－Compliance 
－Provide high-quality 
products and services 
that are the best on the 
market. 
－Provide services that 
include design, 
manufacturing, logistic 
support, and 
comprehensive solutions. 
Improve level of 
customer satisfaction. 
－Establish long-term close 
relationships with 
customers based on 
mutual trust and 
－Cooperate with 
customers’ 
production and 
environmental, 
requirements, 
responsibilities, 
and inspections. 
Assist with 
preventions and 
improvements. 
－Train employees 
and enforce rules 
for information 
disclosure when 
facing the media. 
 
 
 
55 
 
commercial partnership.  
－Inform all employees of 
the need to adhere to 
confidentiality 
agreements and 
principles that should be 
followed when facing the 
media. 
－Annual report on 
corporate social 
responsibility 
Employees 
－Market Presence 
－Non-discrimination 
－No Forced or 
Compulsory Labor 
－Occupational Health and 
Safety 
－Training and Education 
－Compliance 
－Ensure and respect human 
rights. 
－Personnel development. 
－Legal and fair assessment 
and treatment. 
－Safe and healthy working 
environment.  
－Personnel welfare and 
health promotion. 
－Convene supervisor 
and supervisee 
communication 
meetings. 
－Staff mailbox and 
message board. 
－Provide free employee 
health check. 
－Annual report on 
corporate social 
responsibility 
Shareholders 
and providers 
of capital 
－Market Presence 
－Economic Performance 
－Investment 
－Anti-corruption 
－Labor/Management 
Relations 
－Compliance 
－Comply with the most 
updated regulations and 
policies from competent 
authorities. Swiftly respond 
to and adjust corporate 
information disclosure 
formats and content to 
conform to regulatory 
requirements. 
－Appropriately provide 
immediate, concurrent, and 
accurate company 
information. Do our best to 
disclose investment 
information. 
－Maintain a long-term and 
stable dividend policy. 
Provide appropriate 
investment returns. 
－Steadily build company 
financial strategy. Maintain 
good company credit and 
operational performance. 
－Annual regular 
meeting of 
shareholders. 
－Take part in 
Institutional Investor 
Conference 
（Take part in 
Institutional Investor 
Conference eight times 
in 2017） 
－Quarterly financial 
report and monthly 
operational 
information 
announcements. 
－Disclose immediate 
material information 
on TWSE MOPS as 
well as the company 
website. 
－According to the 
announcement of 
material events, in 
addition to disclose on 
TWSE MOPS as well 
as the company 
website, also 
depending on the 
situation requires, 
occasionally issue 
press release or 
convene a press 
briefing. 
－Set up email address 
 
 
 
56 
 
and contact phone on 
company website to 
establish a smooth 
communication 
channel between the 
investor and the 
company. 
－Establish a specifically 
juristic person  
investors relationship 
department to hold 
regular face-to-face 
communication 
meetings or telephone 
conferences with 
domestic or abroad 
juristic person  
Investors. 
－Annual report on 
corporate social 
responsibility 
Suppliers 
－Market Presence 
－Supplier Environmental 
Assessment 
－Supplier Assessment for 
Labor Practices 
－Supplier Human Rights 
Assessment 
－Compliance 
－Legal and fair transactions. 
－Understanding of 
environmental safety and 
health considerations and 
specification details. 
－Understand and assist 
Voltronic with 
implementation of social 
responsibility. 
－Sign an environmental 
protection 
commitment letter. 
－Request and audit 
suppliers' products, 
environment and 
responsibilities, and 
cooperate with 
preventive and 
continuous 
improvement. 
－Annual report on 
corporate social 
responsibility 
Attention issues materiality matrix 
 
       
 
          
                  ●Market Presence    
                 ●Customer Privacy 
                ●Compliance 
               ●Anti-corruption 
             ●Economic Performance 
●No Child Labor ●Non-discrimination 
●No Forced or Compulsory Labor 
●Supplier management ●Occupational 
Health and Safety 
                 
                         
 
 
 
 
         
Importance for Voltronic Power 
6. Reporting practice 
Importance for stakeholders 
 
 
 
57 
 
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 
a. A list of all entities included in the organization’s consolidated financial 
statements or equivalent documents. 
b. Whether any entity included in the organization’s consolidated financial 
statements or equivalent documents is not covered by the report. 
All entities of Voltronic Power's consolidated financial statements included as 
shown in the following figure: 
 
"Voltronic International Corp.”, "Voltronic International H.K. Corp. Limited" 
and "Potenia Technology Inc. Limited" belongs to the investment company, so 
those entities do not be covered by the report. Zhongshen Voltronic Power 
Electronic Limited started operation since October 2016, so be included in the 
report since 2016. 
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 
a. An explanation of the process for defining the report content and the 
topic Boundaries. 
b.An explanation of how the organization has implemented the Reporting 
Principles for defining report content. 
Voltronic Power publishes 2017 Annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
(disclosure period from January 1 to December 31, 2017), for the GRI 2016 
Standard Disclosures（including both General Standard Disclosures and Specific 
Standard Disclosures）of this report are in accordance with "Core Option". 
Therefore, in accordance with "Core Option", that should be disclosure aspects 
and boundaries, Voltronic Power firstly identified and selected stakeholders 
groups, excluding related aspects and boundaries of the not applicable 
 
 
 
58 
 
stakeholders groups (Voltronic Power's factories that in Taiwan Region and 
China Region all are leased from the industrial districts, abide by those industrial 
district management approaches, therefore, stakeholder group "Local 
communities" is not applicable to Voltronic Power.The Taiwan and China 
factories does not exist"Civil society", therefore, stakeholder group "Civil 
society" is not applicable to Voltronic Power.), the remaining other aspects and 
boundaries, Voltronic Power gives to expose, and Voltronic Power gives the same 
attention, there is no special preference or special arrangement in order of 
priority. 
102-47 List of material topics 
a. A list of the material topics identified in the process for defining report 
content. 
Category 
Economic 
 
Environmental 
 
Aspects 
●Economic Performance 
●Market Presence Ÿ 
●Indirect Economic Impacts 
●Procurement Practice 
●Anti-corruption 
●Anti-competitive Behavior 
●Materials 
●Energy 
●Water 
●Biodiversity 
●Emissions 
●Effluents and Waste 
●Environmental Compliance 
●Supplier Environmental Assessment 
Category 
Social 
 
 
 
Aspects 
●Employment 
●Labor/Management 
Relations 
●Occupational Health and 
Safety 
●Training and Education 
●Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 
●Non-discrimination 
●Freedom of Association 
and Collective Bargaining 
●Child Labor 
●Forced or Compulsory 
Labor 
●Security Practices 
●Rights of Indigenous 
Peoples 
●Human Rights 
Assessment 
●Supplier Social 
Assessment 
●Public Policy 
●Customer Health and 
Safety 
●Marketing and 
Labeling 
●Customer Privacy 
●Socioeconomic 
Compliance 
102-48 Restatements of information 
a. The effect of any restatements of information given in previous reports, 
and the reasons for such restatements. 
Voltronic Power did not carry out mergers or acquisitions, and did not change 
the base years or periods neither the nature of the business nor measurement 
methods.The reporting principles and standard disclosures of 2015 and 2016 
reports are in accordance with the G4 (Fourth Generation ） Sustainability 
Reporting Guidelines published by the Global Reporting Initiative(GRI),and the 
 
 
 
59 
 
standard disclosures of this report are in accordance with "Core Option". The 
reporting principles and standard disclosures of 2017 report are in accordance 
with the GRI（Global Reporting Initiative）Standards 2016 published by the 
Global Sustainability Standards Board（GSSB）,and the standard disclosures of 
the report are in accordance with "Core Option". Therefore, in the 2017 annual 
report, when it is necessary to disclose the information of 2015 and 2016, those 
disclosures are also in accordance with GRI Standards 2016.As a result, there is 
no need to restatement the information provided in the 2015 annual corporate 
social responsibility report (disclosure period from January 1 to December 31, 
2015) that published in June 2016, there is also no need to restatement the 
information provided in the 2016 annual corporate social responsibility report 
(disclosure period from January 1 to December 31, 2016) that published in June 
2017. 
102-49 Changes in reporting 
a. Significant changes from previous reporting periods in the list of 
material topics and topic Boundaries. 
Compared with the previous report, this report hasn’t significant changes from 
previous reporting periods in the list of material topics and topic Boundaries. 
102-50 Reporting period 
a. Reporting period for the information provided. 
The information provided in this report is for the period from January 1 to 
December 31st, 2017. 
102-51 Date of most recent report 
a. If applicable, the date of the most recent previous report. 
Date of most recent previous report is "Annual Report 2016" publishing in June 
2017（the reporting period is from January 1 to December 31, 2016） 
102-52 Reporting cycle 
a. Reporting cycle Reporting cycle. 
The reporting cycle is once annual. 
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 
a. The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents. 
The contact point for questions regarding the report or its contents: 
Taiwan spokesperson also contact person 
Name: Wang  Kuo-Chin  
Title: Financial manager Telephone: 
+886-2-27918296 
 
 
 
60 
 
Investor hotline: +886-2-27910054  
Email: investor＠voltronic.com.tw 
China spokesperson also contact person 
Name: Jin Zhi-Xin 
Title: Vice General Manager 
Telephone: +86-755-86016601 
Email: investor＠voltronic.com.tw 
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 
a. The claim made by the organization, if it has prepared a report in accordance 
with the GRI Standards, either： 
ⅰ.‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: 
Core option’; 
ⅱ.‘This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: 
Comprehensive option’. 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core 
option. 
102-55GRI GRI content index 
a. The GRI content index, which specifies each of the GRI Standards used 
and lists all disclosures included in the report. 
b. For each disclosure, the content index shall include: 
ⅰ. the number of the disclosure (for disclosures covered by the GRI 
Standards); 
ⅱ. the page number(s) or URL(s) where the information can be found, 
either within the report or in other published materials； 
ⅲ. if applicable, and where permitted, the reason(s) for omission when a 
required disclosure cannot be made. 
Table 1 GRI content index 
GRI Standard 
[include the title and 
publication year for each of 
the GRI Standards used to 
prepare the report] 
Disclosure 
[include the number and title for each disclosure 
made] 
Page 
number(s) 
Omission 
[see GRI 101: 
Foundation for 
information on 
reasons for omission] 
ABOUT THIS REPORT 
1 
 
GRI 101: Foundation 2016[GRI 101 does not include any disclosures] 
3 
 
General Disclosures[the list of general disclosures made, based on the 
report has been prepared in accordance with the Core option] 
 
 
GRI 102:General Disclosures 2016 
8 
 
102-1 Name of the organization 
8 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 
8 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-3 Location of headquarters 
8 
[cannot be omitted] 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
1. Organizational profile 
102-4 Location of operations 
8 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-5 Ownership and legal form 
9 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-6 Markets served 
10 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-7 Scale of the organization 
12 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-8 Information on employees and other workers 
14 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-9 Supply chain 
15 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and 
its supply chain 
16 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach 
16 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-12 External initiatives 
18 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-13 Membership of associations 
18 
[cannot be omitted] 
2. Strategy 
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 
18 
[cannot be omitted] 
 
3. Ethics and integrity 
102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of 
behavior 
20 
[cannot be omitted] 
4. Governance 
102-18 Governance structure 
34 
[cannot be omitted] 
 
5. Stakeholder engagement 
102-40 List of stakeholder groups 
53 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 
53 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-42dentifying and selecting stakeholders 
53 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 
54 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 
54 
[cannot be omitted] 
 
6. Reporting practice 
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements 
57 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 
57 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-47 List of material topics 
58 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-48 Restatements of information 
58 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-49 Changes in reporting 
59 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-50 Reporting period 
59 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-51 Date of most recent report 
59 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-52 Reporting cycle 
59 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the 
report 
59 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the 
GRI Standards 
60 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-55 GRI content index 
60 
[cannot be omitted] 
102-56 External assurance 
66 
[cannot be omitted] 
GRI 103：Management Approach  
 
 
General requirements for 
reporting the management 
approach 
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its 
Boundary 
67 
 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
68 
 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 
69 
 
ECONOMIC 
 
 
GRI 201: Economic Performance 
70 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
70 
 
 
201-1 Direct economic value generated and 
distributed 
71 
 
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change 
73 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other 
retirement plans 
75 
 
201-4 Financial assistance received from 
government 
76 
 
GRI 202：Market Presence  
77 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
77 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
202-1Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 
compared tolocal minimum wage 
77 
 
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from 
the local community 
78 
 
GRI 203：Indirect Economic Impacts 
79 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
79 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services 
supported 
79 
 
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 
79 
 
GRI 204：Procurement Practice 
80 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
80 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 
80 
 
GRI 205：Anti-corruption 
81 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
81 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 
corruption 
89 
 
205-2 Communication and training about anti-
corruption policies and procedures 
89 
 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions 
taken 
90 
 
GRI 206：Anti-competitive Behavior 
91 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
91 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, 
anti-trust, and monopoly practices 
91 
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
 
 
GRI 301：Materials 
92 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
92 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 
92 
 
301-2 Recycled input materials used 
92 
 
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging 
materials 
92 
 
GRI 302：Energy 
94 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
94 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 
94 
 
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the 
organization 
95 
 
302-3 Energy intensity 
95 
 
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 
95 
 
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products 
and services 
95 
 
GRI 303：Water 
97 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
97 
 
 
303-1 Water withdrawal by source 
97 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
303-2 Water sources signiﬁcantly affected by 
withdrawal of water 
98 
 
303-3 Water recycled and reused 
98 
 
GRI 304：Biodiversity 
99 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
99 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or 
adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside 
100 
 
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and 
services 
100 
 
304-3 Habitats protected or restored 
100 
 
304-4IUCN 
Red 
List 
species 
and 
national 
conservation list species with habitats in areas 
affected by operations 
100 
 
GRI 305：Emissions 
101 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
101 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 
103 
 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 
103 
 
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 
103 
 
305-4 GHG emissions intensity 
103 
 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 
104 
 
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances 
(ODS) 
105 
 
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), 
and other significant air emissions 
105 
 
GRI 306：Effluents and Waste 
106 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
106 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination 
108 
 
306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 
108 
 
306-3 Significant spills 
109 
 
306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 
109 
 
306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges 
and/or runoff 
109 
 
GRI 307：Environmental Compliance 
110 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
110 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and 
regulations 
110 
 
GRI 308：Supplier Environmental Assessment 
111 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
111 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria 
117 
 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply 
chain and actions taken 
117 
 
Social 
 
 
GRI 401：Employment 
118 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
118 
 
 
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 
119 
 
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that 
121 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
are not provided to temporary or part-time 
employees 
401-3 Parental leave 
122 
 
GRI 402：Labor/Management Relations 
124 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
124 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational 
changes 
124 
 
GRI 403：Occupational Health and Safety 
125 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
125 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
403-1 Workers representation in formal joint 
management–worker health and safety committees 
128 
 
403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, 
occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, 
and number of work-related fatalities 
128 
 
403-3 Workers with high incidence or high risk of 
diseases related to their occupation 
129 
 
403-4 Health and safety topics covered in formal 
agreements with trade unions 
129 
 
GRI 404：Training and Education 
130 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
130 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
404-1 Average hours of training per year per 
employee 
131 
 
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programs 
132 
 
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews 
132 
 
GRI 405：Diversity and Equal Opportunity 
133 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
133 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 
133 
 
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 
women to men 
133 
 
GRI 406： Non-discrimination 
135 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
135 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective 
actions taken 
139 
 
GRI 407：Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 
140 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
140 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to 
freedom of association and collective bargaining may 
be at risk 
140 
 
GRI 408：Child Labor 
141 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
141 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labor 
144 
 
GRI 409：Forced or Compulsory Labor 
146 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
146 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of forced or compulsory labor 
147 
 
GRI 410：Security Practices 
148 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
148 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights 
policies or procedures 
148 
 
GRI 411：Rights of Indigenous Peoples 
149 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
149 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of 
indigenous peoples 
149 
 
GRI 412：Human Rights Assessment 
150 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
150 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human 
rights reviews or impact assessments 
155 
 
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or 
procedures 
155 
 
412-3 Significant investment agreements and 
contracts that include human rights clauses or that 
underwent human 
155 
 
GRI 413：Local Communities 
− 
not applicable 
1. Management approach disclosures 
− 
not applicable 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, 
impact assessments, and development programs 
− 
not applicable 
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential 
negative impacts on local communities 
− 
not applicable 
GRI 414：Supplier Social Assessment 
156 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
156 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social 
criteria 
157 
 
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken 
157 
 
GRI 415：Public Policy 
158 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
158 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
415-1 Political contributions 
158 
 
GRI 416：Customer Health and Safety 
159 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
159 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 
product and service categories 
159 
 
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the 
health and safety impacts of products and services 
159 
 
GRI 417：Marketing and Labeling 
160 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
160 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
417-1 Requirements for product and service 
information and labeling 
160 
 
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
product and service information and labeling 
160 
 
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
marketing communications 
160 
 
GRI 418：Customer Privacy 
161 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
161 
 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer data 
163 
 
GRI 419：Socioeconomic Compliance 
164 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
1. Management approach disclosures 
164 
 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in 
the social and economic area 
164 
 
 
102-56 External assurance 
a.A description of the organization’s policy and current practice with 
regard to seeking external assurance for the report. 
b. If the report has been externally assured: 
ⅰ. A reference to the external assurance report, statements, or opinions. 
If not included  in the assurance report accompanying the 
sustainability report, a description of what has and what has not been 
assured and on what basis, including the assurance standards used, the 
level of assurance obtained, and any limitations of the assurance process; 
ⅱ. The relationship between the organization and the assurance 
provider; 
ⅲ. Whether and how the highest governance body or senior executives 
are involved in seeking external assurance for the organization’s 
sustainability report. 
This report does not require an external assurance. 
 
The content of this report is written in traditional Chinese and in English, and 
deliberates the provisions of "Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules 
Governing the Preparation and Filing of Corporate Social Responsibility Reports 
by TWSE Listed Companies", voluntarily disclose the corporate social 
responsibility report and the link to the file of that report posted on the company's 
website on the internet information reporting system （Market Observation Post 
System）designated by TWSE（Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation） by June 
30. 
 
 
 
67 
 
GRI 103：Management Approach 
General requirements for reporting the management approach 
103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 
a. An explanation of why the topic is material. 
b. The Boundary for the material topic, which includes a description of: 
ⅰ. where the impacts occur; 
ii. the organization’s involvement with the impacts. For example, whether 
the organization has caused or contributed to the impacts, or is directly 
linked to the impacts through its business relationships. 
c. Any specific limitation regarding the topic Boundary. 
Voltronic Power publishes 2017 Annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
(disclosure period from January 1 to December 31, 2017), for the GRI 2016 
Standard Disclosures（including both General Standard Disclosures and Specific 
Standard Disclosures）of this report are in accordance with "Core Option". 
Therefore, in accordance with "Core Option", that should be disclosure aspects 
and boundaries, Voltronic Power firstly identified and selected stakeholders 
groups, excluding related aspects and boundaries of the not applicable 
stakeholders groups (Voltronic Power's factories that in Taiwan Region and 
China Region all are leased from the industrial districts, abide by those industrial 
district management approaches, therefore, stakeholder group "Local 
communities" is not applicable to Voltronic Power.The Taiwan and China 
factories does not exist"Civil society", therefore, stakeholder group "Civil 
society" is not applicable to Voltronic Power.), the remaining other aspects and 
boundaries, Voltronic Power gives to expose, and Voltronic Power gives the same 
attention, there is no special preference or special arrangement in order of 
priority. 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
Category 
Economic 
 
Environmental 
 
Aspects 
●Economic Performance 
●Market Presence Ÿ 
●Indirect Economic Impacts 
●Procurement Practice 
●Anti-corruption 
●Anti-competitive Behavior 
●Materials 
●Energy 
●Water 
●Biodiversity 
●Emissions 
●Effluents and Waste 
●Environmental Compliance 
●Supplier Environmental Assessment 
Category 
Social 
 
 
 
Aspects 
●Employment 
●Labor/Management 
Relations 
●Occupational Health and 
Safety 
●Training and Education 
●Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 
●Non-discrimination 
●Freedom of Association 
and Collective Bargaining 
●Child Labor 
●Forced or Compulsory 
Labor 
●Security Practices 
●Rights of Indigenous 
Peoples 
●Human Rights 
Assessment 
●Supplier Social 
Assessment 
●Public Policy 
●Customer Health and 
Safety 
●Marketing and 
Labeling 
●Customer Privacy 
●Socioeconomic 
Compliance 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
a. An explanation of how the organization manages the topic. 
b. A statement of the purpose of the management approach. 
c. A description of the following, if the management approach includes that 
component: 
ⅰ. Policies 
ⅱ. Commitments 
ⅲ. Goals and targets  
ⅳ. Responsibilities 
ⅴ. Resources 
ⅵ. Grievance mechanisms  
vii. Specific actions, such as processes, projects, programs and initiatives 
In view of all other aspects and boundaries except for exclusion, the management 
approaches are set down according to relevant laws and regulations. See the 
management approach disclosures of various topics. 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
103-3Evaluation of the management approach 
a. An explanation of how the organization evaluates the management 
approach, including: 
ⅰ. the mechanisms for evaluating the effectiveness of the management 
approach; 
ⅱ. the results of the evaluation of the management approach; 
ⅲ. any related adjustments to the management approach. 
Annual Corporate Social Responsibility report is prepared to examine the 
implementation effect of management approach of various topics and, if applicable, 
to assess and revise management approaches. 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
GRI 201：Economic Performance 
1. Economic Performance 
The Direct economic value generated – Revenues by Voltronic Power in 2015 , 2016 
and 2017, were from net sales of recurring operating activities and some from 
financial investment income. Employee wages and benefits were in accordance with 
relevant Labor laws and regulations, the measures for performance appraisal. 
Dividends to all shareholders were in accordance with the dividend policy stipulated 
in the Articles of Incorporation. Loan interests to all banks were according to the 
interest rate and terms of the loan contracts. Payments to government subjected to 
local Government laws and regulations. 
Voltronic Power's Employees' compensations, Directors' Compensation and 
dividends to Shareholders were in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation 
which enacted according to the Law, and by a resolution adopted by a majority vote 
at a meeting of Board of Directors otherwise at a meeting of Shareholders . No 
"Clawback Provision for Executive Compensation" 、 no "Change of Control 
Benefits/Golden Parachute Agreements"、no "Say On Pay Provision". 
Voltronic Power, the offices of Taiwan Region located in industrial district, the 
offices and factories of China Region also located in industrial districts; in water 
consumption only for employees living water; and source of greenhouse gas 
emissions, only the carbon emission amount (CO2) generated from outsourcing 
electric power for the company operating, is a single greenhouse gases (CO2) low 
emission company. 
The Climate Change policy of Voltronic Power, is to promote and implement the 
enterprise "energy saving, carbon reduction, and consumption reduction", also 
strictly controls the proportion of electricity expenditure to the revenue and the 
proportion of electricity expenditure to the net profit, increases the revenue and net 
profit to cover possible increase in electricity costs.                   
Voltronic Power’s pension plans for employees all are defined contribution, subject 
to the applicable laws and regulations, regularly contribute. 
Voltronic Power doesn’t receive any financial assistance from Taiwan nor from 
 
 
 
71 
 
China. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 
a. Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D) on an accruals 
basis, including the basic components for the organization’s global operations 
as listed below. If data are presented on a cash basis, report the justification 
for this decision in addition to reporting the following basic components: 
i. Direct economic value generated: revenues; 
ii. Economic value distributed: operating costs, employee wages and benefits, 
payments to providers of capital, payments to government by country, and 
community investments; 
iii. Economic value retained: ‘direct economic value generated’ less 
‘economic value distributed’. 
b. Where significant, report EVG&D separately at country, regional, or 
market levels, and the criteria used for defining significance. 
Unit: NT $ thousand 
item 
2015  
2016 
2017 
amount 
percentage 
amount 
percentage 
amount 
percentage 
Direct economic value generated: 
Revenues 
8,121,775 
100.00﹪ 
8,163,166 
100﹪ 
9,862,230 
100﹪ 
Economic value distributed:  
– Operating costs  
– Employee wages and benefits  
– Payments to providers of capital
（Dividends and Interest） 
– Payments to government (Taiwan) 
– Payments to government (China) 
 
（5,368,493） 
（992,611） 
（1,152,512） 
（194,881） 
（209,900） 
 
（66.10﹪） 
（12.22﹪） 
（14.19﹪） 
（2.40﹪） 
（2.58﹪） 
 
(5,353,356) 
(1,087,589) 
(1,180,581) 
(211,020) 
(176,195) 
 
(65.58﹪) 
(13.32﹪) 
(14.46﹪) 
(2.59﹪) 
(2.16﹪) 
 
(6,868,618) 
(1,148,858) 
(1,180,326) 
(133,830) 
(173,165) 
 
( 69.64%) 
(11.65%) 
(11.97﹪) 
(1.36﹪) 
(1.76﹪) 
Economic value retained 
203,378 
2.51﹪ 
154,425 
1.89﹪ 
357,433 
3.62﹪ 
2016 Dividends to shareholders, NT 1,180,581 thousand from the direct economic value : Revenues generated in year 2016, NT 393,527 
thousand from the additional paid in capital, totaling NT 1,574,108  thousand. 
2017 Dividends to shareholders, NT 1,180,326 thousand from the direct economic value : Revenues generated in year 2017, NT 393,442 
 
 
 
72 
 
thousand from the additional paid in capital, totaling NT 1,573,768  thousand. 
Compilation 
Revenues  
●Net sales equal gross sales from products and services minus returns, discounts, 
and allowances. Ÿ  
●Revenue from financial investments includes cash received as interest on financial 
loans, as dividends from shareholdings, as royalties, and as direct income 
generated from assets (such as property rental) .Ÿ  
●Revenues from sale of assets include physical assets (such as property, 
infrastructure, and equipment) and intangibles (such as intellectual property 
rights, designs, and brand names). 
Operating costs 
●Cash payments made outside the organization for materials, product components, 
facilities, and services purchased. This includes property rental, license fees, 
facilitation payments (since these have a clear commercial objective), royalties, 
payments for contract workers, employee training costs (where outside trainers are 
used), or employee protective clothing. 
Employee wages and benefits 
●Total payroll comprises employee salaries, including amounts paid to government 
institutions (such as employee taxes, levies, and unemployment funds) on behalf of 
employees. Non-employees working in an operational role are normally not 
included here, but rather under operating costs as a service purchased. 
●Total benefits include regular contributions (such as to pensions, insurance, 
company vehicles, and private health), as well as other employee support such as 
housing, interest free loans, public transport assistance, educational grants, and 
redundancy payments. They do not include training, costs of protective equipment, 
or other cost items directly related to the employee’s job function. 
Payments to providers of capital 
● Dividends to all shareholders  
●Interest payments made to providers of loans. This includes interest on all forms 
of debt and borrowings (not only long-term debt) and also arrears of dividends due 
to preferred shareholders. 
Payments to government 
●All organization taxes (such as corporate, income, property) and related penalties 
paid at the international, national, and local levels. This figure does not include 
 
 
 
73 
 
deferred taxes because they may not be paid. For organizations operating in more 
than one country, report taxes paid by country. Report the definition of 
segmentation used.  
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate 
change 
a. Risks and opportunities posed by climate change that have the potential to 
generate substantive changes in operations, revenue, or expenditure, 
including: 
ⅰ. a description of the risk or opportunity and its classification as either 
physical, regulatory, or other; 
ⅱ. a description of the impact associated with the risk or opportunity; 
ⅲ. the financial implications of the risk or opportunity before action is taken; 
ⅳ. the methods used to manage the risk or opportunity; 
v. the costs of actions taken to manage the risk or opportunity. 
Climate Change Opportunities Discussed： 
The Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) of Voltronic Power as： 
Voltronic Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and 
product manufacturing services of UPS, Inverter, and PV Inverter, occupies the mid-
stream in the industrial supply chain, R&D products based on customer order 
requirements are resold to end-users of downstream industries through customer 
orders. 
The products for reduction of greenhouse gas emissions are PV Inverter. The effects 
on environmental protection are: Converting the power produced by solar panels to 
municipal power, through the solar power generation to use and pre-storage power 
that will be an important key to the future balance of power and power grid. 
When the energy supply is becoming more and tenser and the shortage of power 
supply in power consumption peak, through the PV Inverter energy storage system, 
priority is given to storing the power in advance when off peak power is used, waiting 
until peak power consumption to support grid demand. This will reduce the 
construction of petrochemical power plants and nuclear power plants, and will be 
the best solution for reducing energy consumption and environmental protection. 
The 2015 , 2016 and 2017 PV Inverter revenues respectively were about 1 billion 145 
 
 
 
74 
 
million , 939 million and 1 billion 364million. 
Risks of Climate Change Discussed： 
The Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) of Voltronic Power as： 
The offices of Taiwan Region located in industrial district, the offices and factories 
of China Region also located in industrial districts; in water consumption only for 
employees living water; and source of greenhouse gas emissions, only the carbon 
emission amount (CO2) generated from outsourcing electric power for the company 
operating, is a single greenhouse gases (CO2) low emission company. Voltronic 
Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and product 
manufacturing services of UPS, Inverter, and PV Inverter, occupies the mid-stream 
in the industrial supply chain, R&D products based on customer order requirements 
are resold to end-users of downstream industries through customer orders, therefore, 
on Voltronic Power’s R&D and production, there is no direct impact or business risk 
related to climate change. 
Taiwan and China all are not the countries or regions that had signed the "Kyoto 
Protocol", haven’t yet joined the worldwide carbon emissions trading system. 
But, China on December 10, 2014, according to the order of the National 
Development and Reform Commission of the People's Republic of China, issued the 
No. 17: "Decided to implement the party's Third Plenary Session of the eighth, 
Twelfth Five Year Plan Outline and the requirements of the requirements State 
Council's Twelfth Five Year control of greenhouse gas emissions plan, promote the 
establishment of a national carbon emissions trading market, we drafted the Carbon 
Emissions Trading Management Interim Measures. Is now to be released, 
implement since 30 days after the date of promulgation. "  
And China signed the United Nations Framework Convention on climate change 
(UNFCCC) twenty-first conference of the parties (COP21) agreement of the Paris 
Climate Summit in January 2016. Signatories (global 195 countries) in accordance 
with their respective proposed " Intended Nationally Determined Contributions " 
commitment to the goal, under the premise of emission reduction, the pursuit of 
economic "green growth", has been developed countries (expanded to China, India 
 
 
 
75 
 
etc. developing countries) . Every year will provide for at least $100 billion dollars 
of funds to assist developing countries that to cope the impact of climate change and 
the effect of greenhouse gas emission reduction by 2020 year. On that time, China 
may increase electricity prices to cover the sharing assistance funds, and Voltronic 
Power will strictly control the ratio between electricity expenditure against income 
and net profit, to increase revenue and profit to defray the possible increase 
electricity costs. 
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 
a. If the plan’s liabilities are met by the organization’s general resources, the 
estimated value of those liabilities. 
b. If a separate fund exists to pay the plan’s pension liabilities: 
ⅰ. the extent to which the scheme’s liabilities are estimated to be covered by 
the assets that have been set aside to meet them; 
ⅱ. the basis on which that estimate has been arrived at; 
ⅲ. when that estimate was made. 
c. If a fund set up to pay the plan’s pension liabilities is not fully covered, 
explain the strategy, if any, adopted by the employer to work towards full 
coverage, and the timescale, if any,  by which the employer hopes to achieve 
full coverage. 
d. Percentage of salary contributed by employee or employer. 
e. Level of participation in retirement plans, such as participation in 
mandatory or voluntary schemes, regional, or country-based schemes, or 
those with financial impact. 
Voltronic Power’s pension plans for employees all are defined contribution, subject 
to the applicable laws and regulations, regularly contribute, so there is no undefined 
benefit obligation or retirement plan liabilities. 
 
201-4 Financial assistance received from government 
 
 
 
76 
 
a. Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the organization 
from any government during the reporting period, including: 
ⅰ. tax relief and tax credits; 
ⅱ. subsidies; 
iii. investment grants, research and development grants, and other relevant 
types of grant; 
iv. awards; 
v. royalty holidays; 
vi. financial assistance from Export Credit Agencies (ECAs); 
vii. financial incentives;  
viii. other financial benefits received or receivable from any government for 
any operation.  
b. The information in 201-4-a by country.  
c. Whether, and the extent to which, any government is present in the 
shareholding structure. 
Voltronic Power doesn’t receive any financial assistance from Taiwan nor from 
China. 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
 
GRI 202：Market Presence 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power abides by the local Laws and Regulations of all significant locations 
of operation, all the entry level employees of the business group, regardless of gender, 
the ratios of standard entry level wage compared to local minimum wage all are 
100% (including) above.  
Voltronic Power formulates senior management localized training and development 
policy, the proportions of senior management hired from the local community at 
significant locations of operation all are 70% (including) above. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum 
wage 
a. When a significant proportion of employees are compensated based on 
wages subject to minimum wage rules, report the relevant ratio of the entry 
level wage by gender at significant locations of operation to the minimum 
wage. 
b. When a significant proportion of other workers (excluding employees) 
performing the organization’s activities are compensated based on wages 
subject to minimum wage rules, describe the actions taken to determine 
whether these workers are paid above the minimum wage. 
c. Whether a local minimum wage is absent or variable at significant locations 
of operation, by gender. In circumstances in which different minimums can 
be used as a reference, report which minimum wage is being used. 
d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. 
All the entry level employees of the business group, regardless of gender, the ratios 
of standard entry level wage compared to local minimum wage all are 100% 
(including) above. 
 
 
 
78 
 
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community 
a. Percentage of senior management at significant locations of operation that 
are hired from the local community. 
b. The definition used for ‘senior management’. 
c. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. 
d. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. 
The definition of "senior management" used by the business group as "manager" 
rank (including) above personnel, the proportion of senior management hired from 
the local community（the geographical definition of "local" of the business group is 
according to the nationality）as following： 
significant locations of operation 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Taiwan Region 
100％ 
100％ 
100% 
China Region 
85％ 
84％ 
86% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
 
GRI 203：Indirect Economic Impacts 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power's Taiwan Region Offices located in the industrial district, China 
Region Offices and Factories also located in the industrial districts, abide by those 
industrial district management codes, therefore the "local communities" is not the 
engaged stakeholder group to Voltronic Power, so the issue of development and 
impact of infrastructure investments and services supported is not applicable to 
Voltronic Power. 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosure 
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported：nil 
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
GRI 204：Procurement Practices 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power, the Taiwan Region's procurement is mainly for services 
procurement, and the China Region's procurement is mainly for raw materials 
procurement, the proportions of spending on local suppliers (the geographical 
definition of "local" of the business group is according to the nationality) all are 
80% (including) above. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers 
a. Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of 
operation that is spent on suppliers local to that operation (such as 
percentage of products and services purchased locally). 
b. The organization’s geographical definition of ‘local’. 
c. The definition used for ‘significant locations of operation’. 
Voltronic Power, the Taiwan Region's procurement is mainly for services 
procurement, and the China Region's procurement is mainly for raw materials 
procurement, the proportion of spending on local suppliers (the geographical 
definition of "local" of the business group is according to the nationality) as 
following： 
significant locations of operation 
2015  
2016  
2017 
Taiwan Region 
100％ 
100％ 
100% 
China Region 
85％ 
85％ 
84% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
 
GRI 205：Anti-corruption 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power requires all employees shall be integrity, in the employment ethical 
principles enumerate the behaviors that shall be abided by the employees. 
Those principles, in addition to all the employees shall to comply with, looking 
forward to the Voltronic Power's customers, suppliers, business partners and other 
all walks of life that having business contacts, understanding and support. 
Once found the employees have any possible violation of the employment ethical 
principles, shall report to the supervisors, if necessary, directly report to the general 
manager. Employees who denounce any breach behavior of the employment ethical 
principles and therefore participate in the course of the review, the company shall 
give them protection to avoid suffering unfair revenge or treatment. 
Avoiding conflicts of interest 
Employees shall avoid any conflict or possible influence between personal interests 
and the company interests. Therefore, when employees aware to face the situations, 
such as: employees or their dependents/next of kin who have employment 
relationship, direct or indirect financial interest relationship with any Voltronic 
Power's suppliers, customers or competitors; employees or their dependents/next of 
kin who engage in activities outside the company caused directly business 
competition against Voltronic Power; anything that might interfere with employees 
of their own work and responsibility; without permission to use company's resources 
to engage in their own activities outside the company; shall immediately take 
initiative and full report to descript the situations that any personal interests are 
contradicted with the interests of the company. 
Anti-corruption 
The company pays attention to employees’ loyalty and integrity, the work rules 
prescribed "employees shall not use their positions to benefit themselves or others; 
 
 
 
82 
 
shall not on their official duties behaviors or against their official duties behaviors 
to receive bribes, rebates, gratuities, preferential trading or other unjustifiable 
interests". 
Procurement personnel need to sign the "procurement personnel ethical standards", 
the procurement employees shall not have the following behaviors: 
1, Use the position relationship to demand, or to make agreements of, or to receive 
the bribes, rebates, gratuities, preferential trading or other unjustifiable interests 
from suppliers. 
2, To accept free or preferential receptions of food, lodging, transportation, 
entertainment, travel, excursion or other similar situations which are provided 
by duty-related suppliers. 
3, Does not comply with the provisions to handle procurement. 
4, Hinder the procurement efficiency. 
5, Waste the company resources. 
6, To handle procurement iniquitously. 
7, To leak the procurement information that should be kept secret. 
8, Use the company's places to earn private interests or use public assets for private 
purposes. 
9, Use the duty relationship to fundraise or to engage in business activities. 
10, Use the knowing of non-public information from the duty to earn private 
unjustifiable interests. 
11, During the company's employment period, at the same time hired by the 
suppliers. 
12, In the official place to post or hang the suppliers' advertising. 
13, Use the duty relationship to introduce friends or relatives to serve in the suppliers. 
14, Use the duty relationship to have the loan or lend relations, or non-publicly 
traded investment relations with the suppliers. 
15, Require the suppliers to provide services that are not related to purchasing. 
 
 
 
83 
 
16, Entreat or lobby for suppliers. 
17, For the intention of private unjustifiable interests, to overestimate the budgets, 
the bottom prices or the payable contract prices, or to make improper planning, 
design, bidding, comparison and review of bid, decision of bid, compliance 
management or acceptance. 
18, By the opportunities of weddings or funerals to claim money or property from 
the suppliers. 
19, Engage in the matters or activities whatever are sufficient to affect the dignity of 
the purchasers or to make common people recognize that may cause to 
iniquitously perform their duties. 
20, Other violation of relevant rules or regulations identified by the company's 
management team. 
Commitment Letter of Ethic 
Require the certain and above level employees to sign the "Commitment Letter of 
Ethic ": 
I         full know that: the healthy and orderly supply- purchase relationship is 
the basis to implement win-win between the company and suppliers. Especially on 
the anti commercial bribery to act in accordance with the regulations and rules, to 
make the following commitments and guarantees: 
1, In business contacts with or in dealing with the suppliers, not in any active or 
passive form to the relevant personnel (including suppliers’ directors, salesmen 
and their relatives and friends) to claim commercial bribery or rebate behaviors. 
In this Commitment Letter, the commercial bribery refers to the following acts in 
order to that the suppliers can sell goods or services or win trading opportunities 
etc.: 
1）Under the guise of various names to claim the possessions, including (but not 
limited to) cash, gifts, to accept the lend in free or in significantly lower than 
the market rental prices of any equipment, facilities, transport facilities, 
 
 
 
84 
 
housing and other. 
2）Under the guise of various names to claim the charges, including (but not 
limited to）banquet, recreational sports & entertainment consumption (such 
as playing golf, KTV and other), travel, domestic or foreign investigate and 
so on consumption patterns. 
3）Under the guise of various names in other way to benefit from the suppliers'  
related employees, including (but not limited to) receive various benefits, 
expense reimbursement, lottery activity, gambling deliberately losing and so 
on ways. 
As mentioned above that under the guise of various names, including (but not 
limited to) under the guise of promotion fees, publicity fees, conference fees, 
sponsorship fees, investigation fees, research fees, labor service fees, consulting 
fees, brokerage expenses, commissions, festival red, wedding gifts, bonuses and 
other various names. 
4）Except for the acts which in according to commercial practice to receive small 
advertising gifts or small gifts that printed with the companies' names (the 
market prices are lower than RMB 200 or NT $1000). 
2, The above commitment and assurance, retroactivity. 
3, If found any other employees of Voltronic Power the behaviors of active extortion 
or accepting bribes or rebates, please report in accordance with the following 
contact way. When the report verified, can obtain one-time bonuses for 
encouragement from the company. 
Taiwan Region 
General Manager Office: Chen Yi-Ju 
Email: yvonne@voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +886 227918296 ext 118 
China Region 
Vise General Manager: Jin Zhi-Xin 
 
 
 
85 
 
Email: investor＠voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +86-755-86016601 
4, If for any reason ever had above non-ethical behaviors, please according to 
attached list, by the time, places, suppliers, and the equivalent amounts or the 
actual amounts, to make readme statements. 
5, If there are bribery facts, but doesn’t honestly confess, once verified, I will like to 
accept three times the amount of involving bribery for the compensation liability, 
and unconditionally agree that the company reserves the right to pursue legal 
liability. 
Letter to Suppliers of Ethical Policies 
To： Voltronic Power’s suppliers 
Since the past, your company has been gracious assistance to Voltronic Power; firstly 
we take this opportunity to express heartfelt gratitude for your company to 
continued support our business continuity. 
In order to make your company and us to create the business thriving cooperation 
partnership, we must reiterate the importance of ethical transaction in bilateral 
business cooperation.  
We commit to ensure that the business activities can reflect the core value of ethic, 
so we resolutely prohibit any corruption, bribery, theft or other activities that to 
embezzle our property. And equally require the various suppliers and their 
subcontractors(including personnel assigned by subcontractors, and other 
subcontractors or personnel assigned to provide services for us or subcontractors）. 
We never condone any accepting or giving gifts that can be considered as bribery, or 
the behaviors of gratuity or entertainment, we also clearly requires the employees 
(including their family members, relatives and friends) cannot accept such gifts, 
gratuity or entertainment. 
We solemnly inform your company, engage in the behaviors that to offer bribes, to 
steal, to embezzle our property, or participate in the behaviors that to offer bribes, 
 
 
 
86 
 
to steal, to embezzle our property, all will be regarded as breach of ethic and as the 
behaviors that seriously damage the cooperation basis between your company and 
us. 
If happens the above situations, we have the rights to stop all cooperation with your 
company and to reserve the all rights to pursue the legal liability of such actions. 
We will confirm our employees fully understand our company's ethical policies and 
abide by them, but if in the process of cooperation between your company and us, 
where there are subject to any our employees by using the business opportunities 
between with the suppliers to threaten your company for the intention to obtain 
rebates or if found our employees soliciting or accepting bribes or rebates, or if 
aware of any subcontractors to give our employees bribes or rebates, please contact 
in the following way to expose. The suppliers that can initiatively expose the bribes 
or rebates and verified as the true, shall be listed as our preferred suppliers. 
If found our employees who had the behaviors that violate our ethical policies, please 
as soon as send mail to the following address or call the following telephone to let us 
know the violated behaviors. 
Taiwan Region 
Supervisor Email: voltronic@voltronic.com.tw 
General Manager Office: Chen Yi-Ju 
Email: yvonne@voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +886 227918296 ext 118 
China Region 
Vise General Manager: Jin Zhi-Xin 
Email: investor＠voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +86-755-86016601 
We believe that the ethical policies described in this letter are the important 
foundation to create mutually beneficial relationship between your company with 
us, and we are looking forward to the next years, will create closer partnership 
 
 
 
87 
 
between your company with us. 
Supplier Ethical Commitment Letter 
We full know that the healthy and orderly supply- purchase relationship is the basis 
to implement win-win between your company and us. Especially on the anti 
commercial bribery and ethical management, to make the following commitments 
and guarantees: 
1, In business contacts with or in dealing with Voltronic Power, not in any form to 
offer commercial bribery to the relevant personnel (including your company’s in-
charge persons, their subordinates, and their relatives and friends). In this 
Commitment Letter, the commercial bribery refers to the following acts in order 
to sell goods or services or win trading opportunities etc.: 
1）Under the guise of various names to provide the possessions, including (but 
not limited to) cash, gifts, to provide the lend in free or in significantly lower 
than the market rental prices of any equipment, facilities, transport facilities, 
housing and other. 
2）Under the guise of various names to provide the charges, including (but not 
limited to）banquet, recreational sports & entertainment consumption (such 
as playing golf, KTV and other), travel, domestic or foreign investigate and 
so on consumption patterns. 
3）Under the guise of various names in other way to make benefits to Voltronic 
Power's  related employees, including (but not limited to) to provide various 
benefits, expense reimbursement, lottery activity, gambling deliberately 
losing and so on ways. 
As mentioned above that under the guise of various names, including (but not 
limited to) under the guise of promotion fees, publicity fees, conference fees, 
sponsorship fees, investigation fees, research fees, labor service fees, consulting 
fees, brokerage expenses, commissions, festival red, wedding gifts, bonuses and 
other various names. 
 
 
 
88 
 
4）Except for the acts which in according to commercial practice to provide small 
advertising gifts or small gifts that printed with our name (the market prices 
are lower than RMB 200 or NT $1000). 
2, Be responsible for the behaviors of if using commercial bribery means to Voltronic 
Power's employees in order to sale goods or services or to win trading 
opportunities: 
1）Double compensation of Voltronic Power's loss amounts. 
2）If there is no loss or cannot prove the loss, double compensation of the giving 
bribe or/and rebate amounts. 
3）If that constituted a crime, shall bear legal liabilities in accordance with the 
laws. 
4）Which has entered the judicial criminal investigation period, regarding the not 
yet settled payment by Voltronic Power, unconditional agrees to suspend 
payment, in order to cooperate with the judicial investigation. After the end 
of the judicial investigation, regardless of whether need to pay additional 
compensations of the verdict, agree the not yet settle payment after reducing 
above compensations then return the remaining amounts without interest. 
3, To strengthen our internal employee’s management, advocacy to prevent 
commercial bribery, enforce ethical management. Regarding the commercial 
bribery clues provided by Voltronic Power to actively cooperate to review. 
Regarding the verified behaviors, make strict punishment against the 
perpetrators and the responsible persons, and adjust their positions, no longer 
hold the positions that related to business cooperation with Voltronic Power. 
4, The above commitment and assurance, retroactivity. 
5, If found the employees of Voltronic Power have the behaviors of soliciting or 
accepting bribes or rebates, or if aware of any subcontractors to give r bribes or 
rebates to the employees of Voltronic Power, please contact in the following way 
to expose. 
 
 
 
89 
 
Taiwan Region 
General Manager Office: Chen Yi-Ju 
Email: yvonne@voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +886 227918296 ext 118 
China Region 
Vise General Manager: Jin Zhi-Xin 
Email: investor＠voltronic.com.tw 
Telephone: +86-755-86016601 
6, We fully understand the "initiative report, let bygones be bygones" policy of 
Voltronic Power, if we ever had non-ethical behaviors of non-active willingness, 
according to the above contact way to report on the first time. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption 
a. Total number and percentage of operations assessed for risks related to 
corruption. 
b. Significant risks related to corruption identified through the risk assessment. 
All of Voltronic Power’s operations assessed for risks related to corruption and the 
significant risk identified is purchasing potential corruption risk. 
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 
a. Total number and percentage of governance body members that the 
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been 
communicated to, broken down by region. 
b. Total number and percentage of employees that the organization’s anti-
corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, broken 
down by employee category and region. 
c. Total number and percentage of business partners that the organization’s 
anti-corruption policies and procedures have been communicated to, 
 
 
 
90 
 
broken down by type of business partner and region. Describe if the 
organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures have been 
communicated to any other persons or organizations. 
d. Total number and percentage of governance body members that have 
received training on anti-corruption, broken down by region. 
e. Total number and percentage of employees that have received training on 
anti-corruption, broken down by employee category and region. 
Voltronic Power’s communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 
procedures are as the management approach disclosures reveal. 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken：nil 
     
 
 
 
 
 
91 
 
GRI 206：Anti-competitive Behavior 
1. Management approach disclosures 
The Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) of Voltronic Power as：Voltronic 
Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and product 
manufacturing services of UPS, Inverter, and PV Inverter, occupies the mid-stream 
in the industrial supply chain, R&D products based on customer order requirements 
are resold to end-users of downstream industries through customer orders. Do not 
do self-brand, do not compete with customers, so that there will be no anti-
competitive behavior, nor anti-trust, and monopoly behavior. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly 
practices：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
GRI 301：Materials 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power’s primary business is the production and sales of UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power System). Additionally, Voltronic Power offers professional 
ODM design and manufacturing of power converters (also known as inverter), AVR 
(automatic voltage regulator), PV inverter. That is to accept the customers' projects, 
according to customers' requirement, design or assembly products into the finished 
products, and then transport them to the designated areas of the customers. In the 
manufacturing of products, the use of batteries, transformers, plastic materials, steel 
cases and so on raw materials（approximately accounted for 50% of the cost of total 
raw materials）as well as green packaging materials (including corrugated paper, 
cardboard, cartons, paper pallets, wood etc., all are recyclable or reusable , no use 
of ozone depleting substances), all are recyclable, but the recycling behaviors are by 
the customers.  
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume 
301-2 Recycled input materials used 
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 
In the manufacturing of products, the use of batteries, transformers, plastic 
materials, steel cases and so on raw materials（approximately accounted for 50% of 
the cost of total raw materials）as well as green packaging materials (including 
corrugated paper, cardboard, cartons, paper pallets, wood etc., all are recyclable or 
reusable , no use of ozone depleting substances), all are recyclable, but the recycling 
behaviors are by the customers. 
The Paper Consumption（paper used by the company for printing, packaging, office 
use, etc.）in China Region and Taiwan Region were : 
 
 
 
 
 
 
93 
 
Year 
China Region 
Taiwan Region 
Total 
Paper Recycled 
2016 
3,309,000Kg 
1,408Kg 
3,310,408Kg 
The actual recovery and 
recyclable rate was about 
90%, 2,979,367 kg. 
2017 
4,149,660Kg 
1,265Kg 
4,150,925Kg 
The actual recovery and 
recyclable rate was about 
90%, 3,735,832kg.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
GRI 302：Energy 
1. Management approach disclosures 
The energy consumption of Voltronic Power, only is the outsourcing electricity 
which needed for the company operation, all are local municipal power supply. 
significant locations of operation 
2015 
2016 
2017 
kilowatt-hour 
kilowatt-hour 
kilowatt-hour 
Taiwan Region 
204,865 
217,375 
248,529 
China Region 
9,320,510 
11,550,637 
11,576,278 
Total 
9,525,375 
11,768,012 
11,824,807 
 
Locations 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Taiwan 
NTD  960 thousand 
NTD   960 thousand 
NTD  948 thousand 
NTD   948 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
China 
RMB 8,324 thousand 
NTD 42,369 thousand 
RMB 10,207 thousand 
NTD 49,473 thousand 
RMB 13,845 thousand 
NTD 62,839 thousand 
Total 
 
NTD 43,329 thousand 
 
NTD50,421thousand 
 
NTD63,900thousand 
2015annual average RMB@NTD＝5.090；2016annual average RMB@NTD＝4.847；2017annual average RMB@NTD＝4.539 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 
The energy consumption of Voltronic Power, only is the outsourcing electricity 
which needed for the company operation, all are local municipal power supply. The 
electricity consumption statistics for 2015 , 2016 and 2017 are as follows: 
significant locations of operation 
2015 
2016 
2017 
kilowatt-hour 
kilowatt-hour 
kilowatt-hour 
Taiwan Region 
204,865 
217,375 
248,529 
China Region 
9,320,510 
11,550,637 
11,576,278 
Total 
9,525,375 
11,768,012 
11,824,807 
 
Locations 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Taiwan 
NTD  960 thousand 
NTD   960 thousand 
NTD  948 thousand 
NTD   948 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
China 
RMB 8,324 thousand 
NTD 42,369 thousand 
RMB 10,207 thousand 
NTD 49,473 thousand 
RMB 13,845 thousand 
NTD 62,839 thousand 
Total 
 
NTD 43,329 thousand 
 
NTD50,421thousand 
 
NTD63,900thousand 
2015annual average RMB@NTD＝5.090；2016annual average RMB@NTD＝4.847；2017annual average RMB@NTD＝4.539 
 
 
 
95 
 
Voltronic Power didn’t use Renewable Energy in manufacturing or operation.    
Voltronic Power didn’t use Coal/Lignite, Natural Gas, Crude Oil/Diesel in 
manufacturing or operation. 
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization 
Voltronic Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and 
product manufacturing services of UPS, Inverter, and PV Inverter, occupies the mid-
stream in the industrial supply chain, R&D products based on customer order 
requirements are resold to end-users of downstream industries through customer 
orders, therefore, Voltronic Power purchasing raw materials from upstream of the 
industry chain, and then selling the products to customers, does not require 
additional energy consumption outside of the organization. 
302-3 Reduction of energy consumption 
The energy consumption of Voltronic Power, only is the outsourcing electricity 
which needed for the company operation, all are local municipal power supply. 
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 
Voltronic Power accepts clients’ projects, specializing in the R&D, design and 
product manufacturing services of UPS, Inverter, and PV Inverter, occupies the mid-
stream in the industrial supply chain, to create and maintain a safe and clean 
environment, products are strictly comply with international environmental laws 
and regulations to protect the "green earth" as a mission to enhance the efficiency 
of the use of resources. The operation of Voltronic Power in China Region and 
Taiwan Region didn’t use Renewable Energy, Coal/Lignite, Natural Gas, Crude 
Oil/Diesel.  
The greenhouse gas emission of Voltronic Power, only is carbon emission （CO2）
from the outsourcing electricity which needed for the company operation. Voltronic 
Power is a single greenhouse gases (CO2) low emission company, but still cooperated 
with local government energy policies and measures and adopted "energy saving, 
consumption reduction, waste reduction" awareness policy. 
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue" were individually 0.54%, 0.62% and 0.65%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.75%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
 
 
 
96 
 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue"all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses" were individually 0.68%, 0.78% and 0.85%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses "all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating net profit” were individually 2.58%, 3.00% and 3.49%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 3.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction "evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating net profit “all achieved. 
The products of Voltronic Power comply with the local product environmental 
regulation requirements of the customers’ region, and actively develop the 
combination of UPS and green energy applications, to provide more efficient power 
generation, power protection and power backup, all are important development 
trends for UPS. To use solar photovoltaic applications in solar energy utilization, 
power transformation and green building life, in order to convey green energy. 
In 2016, Voltronic Power research and development the most new generation 
Intelligent Solar Inverter–Infini Solar Super 4KW, which can effectively and flexibly 
use solar energy, city electricity and battery power in different application 
environments, and achieves the highest efficiency of UPS, and won the 2016 
COMPUTEX d&i design awards. 
 
 
 
 
97 
 
GRI 303：Water 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power’s offices and factories in Taiwan and China all are leased from 
industrial district office buildings, and in manufacturing without consumption of 
water resources (i.e., no industrial water demand), only domestic water demand of 
employees, and the domestic water sources all are municipal water supply, however 
the business group still raises all employees’ awareness of saving water. 
The water supply of industrial district office building in Taiwan Region, is public 
regional water supply, there is no individual company water meter. In China Region, 
the annual use of water was 43,633 degrees（43.633 thousand cubic meters） and 
paid NT $1,304 thousand water expense of 2015, the annual use of water was 54,545 
degrees（54.54 thousand cubic meters） and paid NT $1,285 thousand water expense 
of 2016, the annual use of water was 61,606 degrees（61.606 thousand cubic meters） 
and paid NT $1,536 thousand water expense of 2017. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
303-1 Water withdrawal by source 
a. Total volume of water withdrawn, with a breakdown by the following 
sources: 
i. Surface water, including water from wetlands, rivers, lakes, and oceans：
nil 
ii. Ground water：nil 
iii. Rainwater collected directly and stored by the organization：nil 
iv. Waste water from another organization：nil 
v. Municipal water supplies or other public or private water utilities：All are 
municipal water supply, The water supply of industrial district office 
building in Taiwan Region, is public regional water supply, there is no 
individual company water meter. In China Region, the annual use of water 
 
 
 
98 
 
was 61,606 degrees（61.606 thousand cubic meters） and paid NT $1,536 
thousand water expense of 2017. 
b. Standards, methodologies, and assumptions used：not applicable 
303-2 Water sources signiﬁcantly affected by withdrawal of water：not applicable 
303-3 Water recycled and reused：not applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
 
GRI 304：Biodiversity 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power’s offices and factories in Taiwan and China all are leased from 
industrial district office buildings, and the operation locations all are neither located 
in, nor adjacent to, protected areas or areas of high biodiversity value outside 
protected areas, nor habitats protected or restored. 
The management policy of Voltronic Power regarding "biodiversity" is: all 
operational sites shall be set in the "business district" and "industrial district” and 
so on legitimate district, and prohibit setting in protected areas or areas of high 
biodiversity value outside protected areas, or habitats protected or restored. 
The Green Building Policies of Voltronic Power are： 
1, Biodiversity policy: operating locations should be located in commercial or 
industrial areas, and are strictly prohibited in protected areas or other areas of 
high biodiversity value or protected or restored habitats.  
2, Green policy: green drainage, green windbreak.  
3, Base water conservation policy: permeable pavement, landscape storage, seepage 
pool, storage, infiltration, opens space.  
4. Daily energy conservation policy: management of wind direction and airflow, air-
conditioning and cooling systems, energy and light sources.  
5, Carbon dioxide reduction policy: simple architectural modeling and interior 
decoration, reasonable structure, system and structure lightweight.  
6. Waste reduction policy: earthwork balance, construction automation, dry 
compartment, air pollution prevention and control.  
7, Water resources policy: water saving equipment, rainwater reuse.  
8, Sewage and garbage improvement policy: rain diversion of sewage, garbage 
collection site improvement.  
9. Indoor health and environment policy: indoor pollution control, indoor air 
 
 
 
100 
 
purification equipment, floor and basement moisture prevention, noise control 
and vibration sound control.  
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas 
and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas：nil 
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity：not 
applicable 
304-3 Habitats protected or restored：not applicable 
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in 
areas affected by operations：not applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
 
GRI 305：Emissions 
1. Management approach disclosures 
The Emissions Aspect includes Indicators on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as 
well as ozone-depleting substances, NOX, SOX, and other significant air emissions. 
The GHG emissions are based on the reporting requirements of the WRI and 
WBCSD ‘GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard’ (GHG 
Protocol). 
The greenhouse gas emission of Voltronic Power, only is carbon emission （CO2）
from the outsourcing electricity which needed for the company operation. The 
statistics and calculation of electricity consumption （kilowatt-hour） and carbon 
emission are as follows：  
Locations 
2015 
2016 
2017 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
Taiwan 
204,865 
130,499 
217,375 
138,469 
248,529 
158,313 
China 
9,320,510 
8,225,350 
11,550,637 
10,193,437 
11,576,278 
10,216,065 
Total 
9,525,375 
8,355,849 
11,768,012 
10,631,906 
11,824,807 
10,374,378 
Carbon emissions from the outsourcing electricity in Taiwan： kgCO2 /kWh＝0.637 
Carbon emissions from the outsourcing electricity in China：  kgCO2 /kWh＝0.8825 
 
Locations 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Local currency 
Reporting currency 
Taiwan 
NTD  960 thousand 
NTD   960 thousand 
NTD  948 thousand 
NTD   948 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
NTD  1,061 thousand 
China 
RMB 8,324 thousand 
NTD 42,369 thousand 
RMB 10,207 thousand 
NTD 49,473 thousand 
RMB 13,845 thousand 
NTD 62,839 thousand 
Total 
 
NTD 43,329 thousand 
 
NTD50,421thousand 
 
NTD63,900thousand 
2015annual average RMB@NTD＝5.090；2016annual average RMB@NTD＝4.847；2017annual average RMB@NTD＝4.539 
 
In addition, the cost of carbon emissions account for the main operating indicators 
and the proportion of profit indicators are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
item 
2015  
2016 
2017 
Amount 
CEC@﹪ 
Amount 
CEC@﹪ 
Amount 
CEC@
﹪ 
Operating 
revenue 
NT$ 8,039,323 thousand 
0.54﹪ 
NTD8,120,220 thousand 
0.62﹪ 
NTD 9,862,230 thousand 
0.65﹪ 
Costs and 
Expenses 
NT$ 6,361,104 thousand 
0.68﹪ 
NTD6,440,945 thousand 
0.78﹪ 
NTD7,527,157 thousand 
0.85﹪ 
Operating net 
profit 
NT$ 1,678,219 thousand 
2.58﹪ 
NTD1,679,275 thousand 
3.00﹪ 
NTD1,828,597 housand 
3.49﹪ 
Operating net 
profit rate 
20.88﹪ 
 
20.68﹪ 
 
18.45﹪ 
 
Earnings per 
share 
NT$19.05 
 
NT$18.25  
 
NT$17.46 
 
According to the above statistics can gather that Voltronic Power is a business 
growth (operating revenue:NT9,862,230 thousand, NT8,120,220 thousand, 
NT8,039,323 thousand,)single greenhouse gases (CO2) low emission company, but 
still adopted "energy saving, consumption reduction, waste reduction" awareness 
policy.  
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue" were individually 0.54%, 0.62% and 0.65%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.75%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue"all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses" were individually 0.68%, 0.78% and 0.85%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses "all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating net profit” were individually 2.58%, 3.00% and 3.49%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 3.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction "evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating net profit “all achieved. 
 
 
 
103 
 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 
a. Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent：nil 
b. Gases included in the calculation; whether CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, 
SF6, NF3, or all：nil 
c. Biogenic CO2 emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent：nil 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 
a. Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric 
tons of CO2 equivalent：  
The greenhouse gas emission of Voltronic Power, only is carbon emission （CO2）
from the outsourcing electricity which needed for the company operation. The 
statistics and calculation of electricity consumption （kilowatt-hour） and carbon 
emission are as follows： 
Locations 
2015 
2016 
2017 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
kilowatt-hour 
KgCO2e 
Taiwan 
204,865 
130,499 
217,375 
138,469 
248,529 
158,313 
China 
9,320,510 
8,225,350 
11,550,637 
10,193,437 
11,576,278 
10,216,065 
Total 
9,525,375 
8,355,849 
11,768,012 
10,631,906 
11,824,807 
10,374,378 
Carbon emissions from the outsourcing electricity in Taiwan： kgCO2 /kWh＝0.637 
Carbon emissions from the outsourcing electricity in China：  kgCO2 /kWh＝0.8825 
Direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1)＋Energy indirect greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions (Scope 2)= Energy indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
(Scope 2) 
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions：nil 
305-4 Reduction of GHG emissions 
The greenhouse gas emissions of Voltronic Power are only energy indirect (Scope 
2) GHG emissions, and all are CO2 generated by municipal power supply. 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 
item 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Amount 
CEC@﹪ 
Amount 
CEC@﹪ 
Amount 
CEC@
﹪ 
Operating 
revenue 
NT$ 8,039,323 thousand 
0.54﹪ 
NTD8,120,220 thousand 
0.62﹪ 
NTD9,862,230 thousand 
0.65﹪ 
Costs and 
Expenses 
NT$ 6,361,104 thousand 
0.68﹪ 
NTD6,440,945 thousand 
0.78﹪ 
NTD7,527,157 thousand 
0.85﹪ 
Operating net 
profit 
NT$ 1,678,219 thousand 
2.58﹪ 
NTD1,679,275 thousand 
3.00﹪ 
NTD 1,828,597 thousand 
3.49﹪ 
Operating net 
profit rate 
20.88﹪ 
 
20.68﹪ 
 
18.45﹪ 
 
Earnings per 
share 
NT$19.05 
 
NT$18.25  
 
NT$17.46 
 
According to the above statistics can gather that Voltronic Power is a business 
growth (operating revenue: NT9,862,230 thousand, NT8,120,220 thousand, 
NT8,039,323 thousand,)single greenhouse gases (CO2) low emission company, but 
still adopted "energy saving, consumption reduction, waste reduction" awareness 
policy.  
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue" were individually 0.54%, 0.62% and 0.65%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.75%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating revenue"all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses" were individually 0.68%, 0.78% and 0.85%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 0.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction" evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of costs and expenses "all achieved. 
In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
proportion of operating net profit” were individually 2.58%, 3.00% and 3.49%. The 
"energy saving and carbon reduction" evaluation target of Voltronic Power is not 
more than 3.85%. In 2015, 2016 and 2017 year, the "energy saving and carbon 
reduction "evaluation targets of "related carbon emissions cost accounted for the 
 
 
 
105 
 
proportion of operating net profit “all achieved. 
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)：nil 
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions：
nil 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
GRI 306：Effluents and Waste 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Effluents 
Voltronic Power’s Taiwan offices are in the industrial district’s office buildings, 
China offices and factories also are in the industrial districts’ office buildings and 
factories area. In manufacturing without consumption of water resources (i.e., no 
industrial water demand), only domestic water demand of employees, and the 
domestic water sources all are municipal water supply, in accordance with the 
relevant industrial district water supply contracts, therefore, does not produce 
effluents. 
Waste 
Voltronic Power carries out effective management and continues to achieve waste 
reduction target. The removal, disposal and recycling of waste, according to local 
regulations, properly to handle and record. 
According to the environmental protection law of the people's Republic of China 
and the applicable environmental protection laws and regulations, the industrial 
waste (liquid) formed in the production process of the company, shall not be 
arbitrarily discharged, discarded or transferred, shall be concentrated disposal in 
accordance with the laws. Voltronic Power entrusts a legitimate professional 
institution that qualified disposal of industrial waste (liquid), exclusively disposes all 
of Voltronic Power's industrial waste (liquid). 
The obligations of Voltronic Power 
1. All the industrial waste (liquid) formed in the process of production together with 
the packaging shall be disposed by the legitimate professional institution which 
had signed contract" the legitimate professional institution ", and shall not be 
disposed by itself or by any other third party within the validity period of the 
contract. Voltronic Power shall be in advance by written to notice the legitimate 
 
 
 
107 
 
professional institution of the specific collection time, place , collecting waste 
(liquid) specific quantities. 
2. Voltronic Power shall store all kinds of industrial waste (liquid) by classification, 
do a good mark, cannot mixed with other debris, in order to the legitimate 
professional institution to dispose and ensure the safety of the disposal. The 
industrial waste (liquid) in bags or bottles shall be in accordance with the 
requirement of industrial waste (liquid) packaging, identification and storage 
technical codes to paste the labels. 
3. Voltronic Power shall display that will be disposed industrial waste (liquid) in a 
centralized manner, and provide the necessary conditions for the legitimate 
professional institution to collect, including approach road, work space, loading 
machinery required for loading, in order to facilitate the legitimate professional 
institution for shipment. 
4. Voltronic Power commitments and guarantees that the industrial waste (liquid) 
provided to the legitimate professional institution to collect, does not appear 
abnormal situation as follows： 
Ⅰ. There exist types of industrial waste (liquid) which are not included in the 
attachments of the contract. [In particular, which containing explosive 
substances, radioactive substances, PCBs （polychlorinated biphenyls ） , 
cyanide and so on highly toxic substance.]； 
Ⅱ. Labels are not standardized or wrong；packing damage or seal is not strict； 
the water content of sludge is over 85% (or free water drop out)； 
Ⅲ. Two or more types of industrial waste (liquid) are mixed into the same 
container, or hazardous waste (liquid) and non-hazardous waste (liquid) 
mixed into the same container. 
Ⅳ. Other abnormal conditions of violations of industrial waste (liquid) transport 
packaging of national standards, industry standards and general technical 
conditions. 
 
 
 
108 
 
The obligations of the legitimate professional institution  
1. Within the valid period of the contract, the legitimate professional institution shall 
have required qualifications, conditions and facilities to dispose industrial waste 
(liquid), and ensure that the license, business license and other applicable 
documents valid and effective. 
2. The legitimate professional institution shall self-own vehicles and handling 
personnel, and according to the negotiation plan to collect the industrial waste 
(liquid) of Voltronic Power, and ensures that does not affect Voltronic Power’s 
normal production and operating activities. 
3. The collection and transportation vehicles, the drivers and the handling personnel 
of the legitimate professional institution shall take civilized operations in 
Voltronic Power’s factory districts. When the operations are completed, will 
clean the operational ranges, and abide by the applicable environmental and 
safety regulations adopted by Voltronic Power. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination：not applicable 
306-2 Waste by type and disposal method 
a. Total weight of hazardous waste, with a breakdown by the following disposal 
methods where applicable： 
The total weight of wastes disposed of by the waste disposal contractor in 
2016 ：hazardous waste was  0.368 metric tons and non-hazardous waste 
3,310  metric tons （90% was recyclable）respectively. The total weight of 
wastes disposed of by the waste disposal contractor in 2017 ：hazardous 
waste was  0.392 metric tons and non-hazardous waste 4,197 metric tons 
（90% was recyclable）respectively. 
b. How the waste disposal method has been determined： 
Disposed by the waste disposal contractor in accordance with PRC 
（People's Republic of China）regulations; in 2016 and 2017, there was no 
 
 
 
109 
 
contractor default on waste disposal. 
306-3 Significant spills：nil 
306-4 Transport of hazardous waste 
Weight of transported, imported, exported, or treated waste deemed 
hazardous under the terms of the Basel Convention Annex I, II, III, and VIII, 
and percentage of transported waste shipped internationally：nil 
306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff 
Identity, size, protected status, and biodiversity value of water bodies and 
related habitats significantly affected by the organization’s discharges of water 
and runoff：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
RI 307：Environmental Compliance 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Comply with the provisions of “Law of the People's Republic of China on 
Conserving Energy “on "Industrial Energy Conservation". 
Comply with the provisions of "Environmental Protection Law of People's Republic 
of China" on” Protection and Improvement of the Environment" and” Prevention 
and Control of Environmental Pollution and Other Public Hazards". 
Comply with the provisions of “Cleaner Production Promotion Law of the People's 
Republic of China" on "Realization of Cleaner Production" and” Implementation 
of Cleaner Production". 
Comply with the provisions of "Law of the People´s Republic of China on the 
Prevention and Control of Ambient Noise Pollution" on” Prevention and Control of 
Industrial Ambient Noise Pollution ". 
2. Topic-speciﬁc disclosures 
307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
 
GRI 308：Supplier Environmental Assessment 
1. Management approach disclosures 
General background of supply chain 
Voltronic Power is an R&D and manufacturer of UPS (Uninterruptible Power 
System), according to customers' projects, design or assembly products into the 
finished products, and then transports them to the designated areas of the customers. 
The main supply chain is to provide the main products, such as the electronic or 
mechanism components suppliers of UPS, and the supply chain is most made up by 
domestic or foreign suppliers there have advantages in such goods. Raw material 
supplier region mainly in Taiwan, the United States, Japan, South Korea, China, 
Europe；types of suppliers, contains the original factory, authorized agencies and 
distributors and so on；The specific industry characteristics of the supply chain 
contain capital intensive, technology intensive, labor intensive. 
The supply chain strategy mainly base on the competitiveness, including the prices, 
research and development capabilities, manufacturing capabilities, quality 
advantages, process management, On-site service etc., within the reporting period, 
supplier relationship changes are all the normal operation of policy attribute, no 
other factors of significant change. 
Environmental requirements to suppliers 
Suppliers shall comply with the provisions of the environmental laws, regulations, 
technical standards, including ROHS, prevention and control of pollution, waste 
disposal and other about environmental protection laws and regulations; the 
supplier shall in accordance with requirements of Voltronic Power, to produce the 
related documents relating to environmental protection investigation of or relating 
to environmental protection. 
Ethical requirements to suppliers 
Suppliers shall commit to adhere to ethical management, the supply chain upstream 
 
 
 
112 
 
and downstream joint cooperation to constantly improve the core competitiveness. 
Only for how to provide and obtain the most competitive price products to engage 
in pure trading behavior, without also shall not to engage in behavior as to offer 
direct or indirect rebate, commission, facilitating payment or through other means 
to offer any improper benefits to each other handling personal in order to win the 
order. 
Progress in investigation systematic management of conflict minerals 
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the surrounding area, non-
government military group control Au, Ta, W, Sn and so on metal by the armed 
mastery, resulting in the deterioration of the social, environmental and human rights. 
Voltronic Power abides by customers and act requirements, adopts the policy of no 
conflict metal purchasing, uses the conflict minerals report model and supporting 
management tool, continuously investigate whether the suppliers implement the 
above policies. 
Code for the management of the conflict minerals 
1, the purpose of： 
In order to meet the requirements of the management of the conflict minerals bill, 
and to guide the investigation of suppliers in the supply chain, this code is adopted. 
2, the scope of application: 
Applicable to the qualified suppliers which are currently trading with the 
company. 
3, definition: 
3.3 3TG： Refers to Sn (Tin), Ta (Tantalum), W (Tungsten), gold (Gold) four 
kinds of metals, because of its English to T and G at the beginning, also known 
as 3TG metal. 
3.4 Conflict Minerals: Refers to conflict metal 3TG, and the mining minerals 
located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic and the 
surrounding area (Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, Zambia, 
 
 
 
113 
 
Angola, Central African Republic and Republic of Congo). 
3.5 Smelter： Refers to the smelter which carries ore extraction, to obtain 3TG 
metal. 
3.6 CMRT（Conflict Mineral Reporting Template）：Refers to the standard form 
co-developed by the international institutions EICC（Electronic Industry 
Code of Conduct）and GeSI（Global e-Sustainability Initiative）for the 
investigation of conflict minerals in the supply chain. 
3.7 SEC：The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
3.8 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act：The conflict 
mineral management regulation, which was formulated by SEC and enacted 
on July 15, 2010, in the United States, requires the listed companies in the 
United States to disclose the information involving the investigation of the 
conflict minerals management. 
4, responsibilities： 
4.1 Procurement Department: In the introduction of new suppliers, issue the 
CMRT to the suppliers, and tracing the suppliers to return back the 
questionnaire. 
4.2 Quality Assurance Department: Timely update the CMRT, to assist the 
completion of the conflict minerals investigation. 
4.3 R&D Department: To assist the assessment of whether contains 3TG metal in 
the procurement of materials. 
5, content: 
5.1 Quality Assurance department from the EICC website, download and update 
the reporting template for using of investigation. 
5.2 When the introduction of a new supplier, procurement department should 
issue the CMRT to the supplier, when the material provided by the supplier 
does not contain 3TG metal, can answer the product does not contain 3TG 
metal and the investigation is over, but the supplier still need to return the 
 
 
 
114 
 
CMRT. 
5.3 The fill in requirements of the CMRT 
5.3.1. Form CMRT as excel document format, select the most appropriate 
language at the top of the workbook [declaration], and in 
presupposition issue Chinese version to supplier, if not, please save the 
document in Chinese, restart the document will be in Chinese. 
5.3.2 The workbooks of CMRT table which can be edited as [Declaration], 
[Smelter List] or [Product List]. Only when the declaration of the scope 
or category in [Declaration] answers B (Products or List of Products) 
need to fill in [Product List]. In [Smelter List] fill in the name of the 
smelter. 
5.3.3 [Declaration] the main fill in project for the investigation, after 
completing the company's information, there are 7 declaration 
questions (1-7) and 10 company level questions (A-G) need to answer. 
5.3.4 [Declaration] within the scope of the declaration there are 7 main 
questions need to answer. 
5.3.4.1 Question 1, the supplier needs to answer whether the provided 
material contains the conflict metal (3TG), if all the answer is 
NO, i.e. does not contain four kinds of metals that the 
investigation can be over. 
5.3.4.2 Question 2, the supplier needs to answer whether the provided 
material must use the conflict metal, if the answer is Yes, i.e. 
the 3TG is the necessary component for function or 
performance. 
5.3.4.3 Question 3, the supplier needs to answer whether the used metal 
comes from the conflict minerals area, if the answer is Yes, i.e. 
the used metal comes from Democratic Republic of the Congo 
Republic or the surrounding area (such as Sudan, Uganda, 
 
 
 
115 
 
Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, Zambia, Angola, Central African 
Republic and Republic of Congo) , if the answer is No, i.e. the 
used metal doesn’t come from those areas. 
5.3.4.4 Question 4, the supplier needs to answer whether the used 
conflict metal (3TG) is 100% from the recycling materials or 
scrap.  
5.3.4.5 Question 5, the supplier needs to answer, whether to collect the 
conflict minerals on their own supply chain, the management 
data and the proportion. 
5.3.4.6 Question 6, the supplier needs to answer whether to carry out 
the identification of the smelter where the conflict minerals 
collected from.  
5.3.4.7 Question 7, the supplier needs to answer, whether all the smelters 
where the conflict minerals collected from, have been 
completed to CMRT, when this question to answer Yes, need to 
declare the names of the smelters in [List Smelter]. To fill in 
Workbook [Smelter list], firstly requires in the metal column 
pull-down menu to select metal contained in material, secondly 
in smelter reference directory column pull-down menu to select 
the name of smelter. If the pull-down menu does not have the 
name of the smelter where the conflict minerals collected from, 
please select "Smelter not yet identified" and then in the name 
of the smelter column manually key-in the name of the smelter. 
5.3.5 [Declaration] 10 company level questions need to answer. 
5.3.5.1 Question A, the supplier needs to answer whether had adopted 
procurement policy / strategy of no use conflict minerals. 
5.3.5.2 Question B, the supplier needs to answer whether the 
procurement policy is open on the company's website, if the 
 
 
 
116 
 
answer is Yes, please fill in the company's website domain name 
in the comment column. 
5.3.5.3 Question C, the supplier needs to answer whether require its 
suppliers doesn’t use the conflict minerals. 
5.3.5.4 Question D, the supplier needs to answer whether require its 
suppliers to purchase metals from the smelters which were 
verified by EICC, GeSI and so on independent institutions. 
5.3.5.3 Question E, the supplier needs to answer whether ever audited 
and identified the origins of non-conflict minerals. 
5.3.5.3 Question F, the supplier needs to answer whether to use the 
CMRT to 
collect 
the conflict minerals management 
information of its suppliers. 
5.3.5.3 Question G, the supplier needs to answer whether to ask its 
suppliers to provide the name of the related smelter. 
5.3.5.3 Question H, the supplier needs to answer whether to audit and 
identify the conflict minerals management information 
provided by its suppliers is in line with the requirements. 
5.3.5.3 Question I, the supplier needs to answer whether the 
identification method of the question H has included the 
corrective action when there is not in line with the 
requirements. 
5.3.5.3 Question J, the supplier needs to answer whether to comply with 
the provisions published by SEC. 
6, related documents: 
6.1 supplier management guidelines 
7, related attachments and forms: 
7.1 CMRT 
2. Management approach disclosures 
 
 
 
117 
 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria 
In 2015 , 2016 and 2017 the percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria was 28 /74, =37.83%, 35 /72 =48.61% and 54 /77 =70.13%. 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
GRI 401：Employment 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Benefits provided to full-time employees 
Taiwan Region 
Voltronic Power provides the full-time employees to enjoy the "social insurance and 
retirement benefits (including labor insurance, national health insurance and labor 
pension)", and travel allowance, year-end party, year-end bonus, Labor Day gifts, 
the Mid-Autumn Festival gifts, weddings allowance, funerals allowance, 
hospitalization allowance, fertility allowance, emergency relief allowance, 
allowances for enriching employees’ amusement and promoting family happy and 
so on projects. Have organized the employee welfare committee, to take care of the 
employees' lives. 
China Region 
According to the applicable provisions of the Social Security Bureau, to pay the 
appropriate insurance for employees - five social insurances and one housing fund 
for the urban household registration employees (including endowment insurance, 
medical insurance, unemployment insurance, industrial injury insurance, maternity 
insurance and housing provident fund); new three insurances for rural household 
registration employees (including pension insurance, medical insurance and 
industrial injury insurance). And to develop the "welfare committee management 
guidelines", in order to improve the quality of employees' work and life, and 
enhance friendship and team effectiveness, conducts the annual activity plan to 
implement. " a) The plan, organization of community activities, and the allocation 
of funding allowance within budget.  b) For the year-end party.  c) Within the 
grant funds budget, plan the distribution of New Year gifts and money. d) The 
initiation and organization of employees’ emergency relief. e) To plan other 
organizations and activities that contributes to cohesion employee solidarity. " 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
 
 
 
119 
 
401-1New employee hires and employee turnover 
a. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period, 
by age group, gender and region. 
b. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period, by 
age group, gender and region. 
In 2015 (from January 1 to December 31, 2015), 2016 (from January 1 to December 
31, 2016)and 2017 (from January 1 to December 31, 2017), monthly average number 
and rates of new employee hires and employee turnover of Voltronic Power’s 
significant locations of operation by region and gender as follow : 
year 
Region 
Gender 
new employee hires 
employee turnover 
number 
new hire rate 
number 
turnover rate 
2015 
Taiwan 
Male 
2 
2.67% 
2 
2.67% 
Female 
1 
1.33% 
1 
1.33% 
Total 
3 
4% 
3 
4% 
China 
Male 
64 
4.11% 
57 
3.65% 
Female 
44 
2.82% 
44 
2.82% 
Total 
108 
6.93％ 
101 
6.47% 
2016 
Taiwan 
Male 
1 
1.28% 
1 
1.28% 
Female 
2 
2.56% 
1 
1.28% 
Total 
3 
3.84% 
2 
2.56% 
China 
Male 
106 
5.92% 
96 
5.36% 
Female 
60 
3.35% 
57 
3.18% 
Total 
166 
9.27% 
153 
8.54% 
2017 
Taiwan 
Male 
1 
1.35% 
2 
2.70% 
Female 
1 
1.35% 
1 
1.35% 
Total 
2 
2.70% 
3 
4.05% 
China 
Male 
165 
7.50% 
206 
9.36% 
Female 
99 
4.50% 
114 
5.18% 
Total 
264 
12.00% 
320 
14.55% 
Note： 
new hire rate：monthly average number of new employee hires @employee number in the 
end of the year 
turnover rate：monthly average number of employee turnover @employee number in the 
 
 
 
120 
 
end of the year  
In 2015 (from January 1 to December 31, 2015), 2016 (from January 1 to December 
31, 2016) and 2017 (from January 1 to December 31, 2017), monthly average number 
and rates of new employee hires and employee turnover of Voltronic Power’s 
significant locations of operation by region and age group as follow : 
 
Region 
Age group 
new employee hires 
employee turnover 
number 
new hire rate number turnover rate 
 
 
 
2015 
Taiwan 
under 30 years old 
1 
1.33% 
1 
1.33% 
30-50 years old 
2 
2.67% 
2 
2.67% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total 
3 
4% 
3 
4% 
China 
under 30 years old 
83 
5.32% 
77 
4.93% 
30-50 years old 
25 
1.60% 
24 
1.54% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total 
108 
6.92% 
101 
6.47% 
 
 
 
2016 
Taiwan 
under 30 years old 
1 
1.28% 
1 
1.28% 
30-50 years old 
2 
2.56% 
2 
2.56% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0 
1 
1.28% 
Total 
3 
3.84% 
4 
5.13% 
China 
under 30 years old 
143 
7.98% 
132 
7.37% 
30-50 years old 
23 
1.28% 
21 
1.71% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total 
166 
9.27% 
153 
8.54% 
 
 
 
2017 
Taiwan 
under 30 years old 
3 
4.05% 
2 
2.70% 
30-50 years old 
16 
21.62% 
19 
25.67% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
19 
25.67% 
21 
28.37% 
China 
under 30 years old 
190 
8.64% 
227 
10.32% 
30-50 years old 
74 
3.36% 
92 
4.18% 
over 50 years old 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
264 
12.00% 
319 
14.50% 
Note： 
new hire rate：monthly average number of new employee hires @employee number in the end of the 
year 
 
 
 
121 
 
turnover rate：monthly average number of employee turnover @employee number in the end of the 
year 
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary 
or part-time employees 
Benefits provided to full-time employees 
Taiwan Region 
Voltronic Power provides the full-time employees to enjoy the "social insurance and 
retirement benefits (including labor insurance, national health insurance and labor 
pension)", and travel allowance, year-end party, year-end bonus, Labor Day gifts, 
the Mid-Autumn Festival gifts, weddings allowance, funerals allowance, 
hospitalization allowance, fertility allowance, emergency relief allowance, 
allowances for enriching employees’ amusement and promoting family happy and 
so on projects. Have organized the employee welfare committee, to take care of the 
employees' lives. 
China Region 
According to the applicable provisions of the Social Security Bureau, to pay the 
appropriate insurance for employees - five social insurances and one housing fund 
for the urban household registration employees (including endowment insurance, 
medical insurance, unemployment insurance, industrial injury insurance, maternity 
insurance and housing provident fund); new three insurances for rural household 
registration employees (including pension insurance, medical insurance and 
industrial injury insurance). And to develop the "welfare committee management 
guidelines", in order to improve the quality of employees' work and life, and 
enhance friendship and team effectiveness, conducts the annual activity plan to 
implement. " a) The plan, organization of community activities, and the allocation 
of funding allowance within budget.  b) For the year-end party.  c) Within the 
grant funds budget, plan the distribution of New Year gifts and money. d) The 
initiation and organization of employees’ emergency relief. e) To plan other 
organizations and activities that contributes to cohesion employee solidarity. " 
401-3 Parental leave 
 
 
 
122 
 
In Taiwan Region, in accordance with Labor Standards Act, Act of Gender Equality 
in Employment, Regulations for Implementing Unpaid Parental Leave for Raising 
Children and so on provisions, let employees can ask for maternity leave, paternity 
leave and parental leave. 
The employees of China Region, who meet the provisions of national marriage and 
family planning laws, female employees can ask maternity leave of childbirth： "For 
female employees, before and after childbirth, given maternity leave 98 days that is 
before childbirth leave 15 days and after childbirth leave 83 days. Maternity leave 
cannot be early or lately, but if pregnant women of early childbirth, can combine the 
remaining before childbirth leave days and after childbirth leave days to leave. 
When is a difficult birth, increase maternity leave 30 days. Much afterbirth embryo 
bears, every bear a baby more, increase maternity leave 15 days. To meet the late 
childbirth policy（after 24 years of age to birth first child）, increase maternity leave 
15 days. " And if receive the "preferential treatment for one child card" within 3 
months after the birth, for the woman increase maternity leave 35 days, the man can 
have paternity leave 10 days within the 15 days before and after the birth of his wife 
(overdue applicant to be considered to give up).  The computing unit of maternity 
leave is by day and limit one-time for handling. Within the leave days in the case of 
rest days, statutory holidays, doesn’t increase the leave days. During the leave 
periods, pay the salary as usual; but during the maternity leave periods, would not 
pay the production performance bonus and environmental allowance. Apply for 
maternity leave, should have a grant of birth certificate and hospital related 
documents etc. The latest time to provide related proof is at the end of maternity 
leave, if failed to provide, as personal leave.  
 
 
year 
item 
Male 
Female 
Total 
 
 
A 
The number of qualified to apply for 
parental leave in 2015. 
1 
1 
1 
 
 
 
123 
 
2015 
B 
The number of actually to apply for 
parental leave in 2015. 
0 
0 
0 
C 
The number of returned to work after 
parental leave ended in 2015. 
0 
0 
0 
 
 
2016 
A 
The number of qualified to apply for 
parental leave in 2016. 
38 
18 
56 
B 
The number of actually to apply for 
parental leave in 2016. 
0 
0 
0 
C 
The number of returned to work after 
parental leave ended in 2016. 
0 
0 
0 
 
 
2017 
A 
The number of qualified to apply for 
parental leave in 2017. 
65 
18 
83 
B 
The number of actually to apply for 
parental leave in 2017. 
1 
0 
1 
C 
The number of returned to work after 
parental leave ended in 2017. 
0 
0 
0 
Note: The number of qualified to apply for parental leave, estimate by the number of who had 
applied maternity leave or paternity leave from 2015 to 2017.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
124 
 
GRI 402：Labor/Management Relations 
1. Management approach disclosures 
If there are significant operational changes which may be possible to seriously affect 
the rights of employees, the minimum notice periods in advance to inform the 
employees and their representatives regarding the significant operational changes, 
according to the applicable local laws and regulations. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes 
If there are significant operational changes which may be possible to seriously affect 
the rights of employees, the minimum notice periods in advance to inform the 
employees and their representatives regarding the significant operational changes, 
according to the applicable local laws and regulations. 
 
 
 
 
 
125 
 
GRI 403：Occupational Health and Safety 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Implement employee health check and management 
In Taiwan Region, in accordance with the provisions of the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act, Voltronic Power through the holding employers and employees meeting, 
from the "prevention" to "treatment and follow-up" health care management as the 
basis, for employees to choose the quality health evaluation center. 
The Taiwan Region employees’ health check in 2017, the completion rate: 100% 
 
 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
In China Region, also in accordance with relevant health laws and regulations, 
implement regular employees’ health check. 
 
 
 
 
 
127 
 
In China, annual fire drill in 2017. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
128 
 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
403-1 Workers representation in formal joint management–worker health and 
safety committees 
In 2017, Voltronic Power's main occupational health and safety management work 
are summarized as follows: 
significant locations of 
operation 
Taiwan Region 
China Region 
Discussion topic 
Holding employers and employees 
meeting to follow the most updated 
Occupational Safety and Health Act. 
introduce OHSAS18001 
Percentage of employee 
representative  
60 % 
employee representative number：3 
employers and employees meeting 
total number：5 
not applicable 
403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and 
absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities 
2016 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
gender 
Male 
Female 
Male 
Female 
number of work-
related injury 
10  
2  
1  
1  
number of Employees 
993  
570  
38  
40  
rates of injury 
1.01% 
0.35% 
2.63% 
2.5% 
type of injury 
all are 
labor injuries 
one is non-labor 
injury（Traffic 
accident） 
one is labor injury 
non-labor injury 
（Traffic accident） 
non-labor injury 
(Event accident) 
lost days 
16  
96  
2.5  
5  
work-related fatalities 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total lost days of injury are163.5days, Lost Time is 1,308 hours, Lost Time Incident Rate =1,308hours/
（1,641person@2,000hours/per person）=0.04% 
2017 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
 
 
 
129 
 
gender 
Male 
Female 
Male 
Female 
number of work-
related injury 
6  
2  
0 
0  
number of Employees 
1,360 
830  
36  
38 
rates of injury 
0.44% 
0.25% 
0% 
0% 
type of injury 
one is non-labor 
injury（Traffic 
accident） 
Five is labor injury 
one is non-labor 
injury（Traffic 
accident） 
one is labor injury 
non-labor injury 
（Traffic accident） 
non-labor injury 
(Event accident) 
lost days 
467.50  
109 
0  
50 
work-related fatalities 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total lost days of injury are163.5days, Lost Time is 1,308 hours, Lost Time Incident Rate 
=1,308hours/（1,641person@2,000hours/per person）=0.04% 
403-3 Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their 
occupation：nil 
403-4 Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions 
The health and safety related issues of Voltronic Power’ employees, all operate 
according to related local laws and regulations. 
 
 
 
130 
 
GRI 404：Training and Education 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power has employee’s education and training management program, to 
develop the knowledge and skills of employees, make them to play their professional 
abilities, to increase the work efficiency and ensure work quality, in order to achieve 
the sustainable operation and development goals of Voltronic Power. 
In addition to the training for new employees in order to make them quickly 
integrate into the organization team, the department heads and employees may also 
be responsible for the current situation of the company's operations, and 
coordinate with the project requirements in the face of the enterprise internal and 
external environment change trends, hold company or department and domestic or 
foreign training courses, seminars and so on, in order to improve the employees' 
professional skills and core competitiveness, and strengthen employees' complete 
training and learning channel.  
→Introduction to new employees training: Introduce the company profile, 
management rules and regulations, salary, welfare, advocacy of occupational 
safety and health and other relevant regulations and so on, in order to make new 
employees as soon as possible to understand their own rights and interests that 
be treated with fairness and respect, quickly integrate into the company culture 
and shorten the period of adaptation. 
→New employees on the job training: By the unit who belong to, to guide new 
employees to quickly familiar with the work environment, work content, and 
professional training. 
→On-the-job training: Invite professional consultants to the company every week, 
to give professional guidance on the hardware design of the product industry, the 
components, circuits, etc... 
→For the community to cultivate talent: The power industry must be long time 
investment in human development, the training and experience accumulation of 
R&D personnel are not easy. And Voltronic Power engages in the DMS business 
models, requires to have adequate and high-quality R&D personnel, the 
company’s R&D department for cultivating seed talents, started from 2014, 
participate in the application to Ministry of the Interior Taiwan of Research and 
 
 
 
131 
 
Development Substitute Services quota, to bear the construction of potential 
industrial research and development environment, sound management system 
and the experience inheritance, therefore gives the fresh graduate the 
environment for cultivation of R&D personnel.  
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 
2016 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
gender 
male 
female 
male 
female 
Per capita 
training time 
3.52 hrs 
3.12 hrs 
6.75 hrs 
12.45 hrs 
2017 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
gender 
male 
female 
male 
female 
Per capita 
training time 
7.00hrs 
4.00hrs 
10.00hrs 
14.50hrs 
 
2016 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
Management Department 
per capita training time 1.91 hrs 
per capita training time 15.5 hrs 
Procurement Department 
per capita training time 2.00hrs 
- 
R&D Department 
per capita training time 3.64 hrs 
per capita training time 7 hrs 
QA Department 
per capita training time 3.00 hrs 
- 
Production department 
per capita training time 2.69 hrs 
- 
Sales Department 
- 
per capita training time 10.8 hrs 
2017 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
Management Department 
per capita training time 2.00 hrs 
per capita training time 17.38 hrs 
Procurement Department 
per capita training time 2.00 hrs 
- 
R&D Department 
per capita training time 6.00 hrs 
per capita training time10.00 hrs 
QA Department 
per capita training time 2.00 hrs 
- 
Production department 
per capita training time 5.00 hrs 
- 
 
 
 
132 
 
Sales Department 
- 
per capita training time 7.00 hrs 
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 
●Internal training courses 
●Funding support for external training or education 
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews 
The employees of Voltronic Power receive regular performance reviews each year. 
The new employees begin formal performance reviews over the past three months, 
and receive regular performance reviews each year. 
Performance reviews in 2016: by gender and by employee category 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
gender 
number 
percentage of employees 
number 
percentage of employees 
male 
936 
66/.29% 
44 
51.16% 
female 
476 
33.71% 
42 
48.84% 
Direct employees 
662 
46.88% 
0 
0% 
Indirect employees 
750 
53.12% 
86 
10.00% 
Performance reviews in 2017: by gender and by employee category 
region 
China 
Taiwan 
gender 
number 
percentage of employees 
number 
percentage of employees 
male 
1,360 
62.87% 
36 
48.64% 
female 
803 
37.12% 
38 
51.35% 
Direct employees 
1,136 
52.51% 
0 
0% 
Indirect employees 
1,027 
47.48% 
74 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
133 
 
GRI 405：Diversity and Equal Opportunity 
1. Management approach disclosures 
The employees hiring policy of Voltronic Power is right positions for right personnel, 
and cooperates with the company's sustainable management policy, hopes the 
qualified employees can develop in the company for a long time. The indicators of 
citizenship, ancestry, ethnic origin, creed and disability, all are not included in 
considering items of Voltronic Power's employees hiring policy. 
Voltronic Power conducts assessment and performance evaluation to all employees 
on a regular basis every year, and depends on the basis for pay raises, bonuses and 
promotions. 
Voltronic Power's employees overall remuneration policies are, according to 
industry competition environment, the company's operating performance and 
market benchmark to construct the company level strategy, according to team 
performance, 
personal 
potential 
and 
performance, 
to 
conduct 
salary 
recommendations for the executive level, in order to attract and retain and 
encourage outstanding colleagues, do not affect the decision of their salary due to 
gender, race, nationality, age etc. personal factors. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
405 -1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 
405 -2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 
Voltronic Power's employees remuneration policy, is to strictly enforce the policies 
of "equal pay for work of equal value " and "gender equality", all important 
operational locations and employee categories, regardless of gender, the ratios of the 
standard basic salary to the local legal minimum salary all are 100% above (contain); 
the ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men is 100@100. 
In Taiwan Region, in accordance with the provisions of Act of Gender Equality in 
Employment, strictly prohibits gender discrimination, male employees and female 
employees all are hired in the same basic salary. 
In China Region, in accordance with the provisions of Labor Law of the People's 
 
 
 
134 
 
Republic of China, workers have the right to equally get the remuneration for work, 
in addition to meet the legal minimum salary provided by the local governments, 
male employees and female employees all are hired in the same basic salary. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
135 
 
GRI 406：Non-discrimination 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Non-discrimination and No Forced Labor 
Prohibition against discrimination management system 
1, the purpose of 
To ensure that the company in the matters of employee hiring, compensation, 
training, promotion, dismissal and so on, in line with the requirements of relevant 
laws and industry social responsibility, there is no discrimination behavior, 
provide a fair and reasonable employment and competition opportunities for the 
employees, formulated this system. 
2, range 
This system applies to the management of recruitment, training, promotion, 
salary remuneration, termination also retirement and so on matters by the 
company. 
3, responsibilities 
3.1 Management representative: Supervise the implementation of the prohibition 
against discrimination, investigate the complaint about discrimination and 
take corrective action in time. 
3.2 Human resources department: To formulate and implement the company's 
policy of prohibiting against discrimination. 
3.3 Various departments:  
Responsible for propaganda the anti-discrimination policy and the contents 
of implementing anti-discrimination provisions in according to this system . 
4, content 
4.1 The company in the recruitment, subsidies, training, promotion, termination 
of the contract, retirement or other related aspects about employees, not 
because of race, social origin, national extraction, native place, religion, age, 
disability, gender, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, community 
tend to be the reason to conduct discrimination behavior to those employees. 
4.1.1 Human resource department in the recruitment of employees, the 
employment standard is only by applying the personnel academic 
qualifications, work experience, job skills and the information related 
to the work capability, shall not to regard the gender, age, native place 
 
 
 
136 
 
as the reference of employment. 
4.1.2 Human resource department in the preparation of recruitment 
advertising shall be rigorous treatment, to avoid discriminatory content. 
4.1.3 Men employees and women employees have the equal rights of 
employment, in the recruitment of employees, except for that in accord 
to the National's provisions that the jobs or posts are not suitable for 
women, cannot on the ground of gender to refuse to employ women or 
raise the employment standards for women. Do not have work 
discrimination against female employees during their female 
physiological period. 
4.14 When the personnel into the pre-employment physical examination, the 
company shall not require employees to do the inspection projects 
which be explicitly prohibited by relevant departments of the Nation, 
and shall not require the female employees to do a pregnancy test. 
4.1.5 The supervisors in the work arrangements, all employees must be 
treated equally shall not be targeted discrimination. 
4.1.6 In determining employees' position promotion, salary, welfare, contract 
renewal or retirement, only depend on the determining factors that 
their working ability, performance, creating value for the company and 
so on related to the work information, cannot regard other personal 
information of the employees as the reference. 
4.1.7 The company enforces the policy of "equal pay for work of equal value", 
has established remuneration standards of employees at all levels and 
strictly to implement. 
4.2 The company does not allow supervisors in any situation to violate the basic 
human rights or dignity of employees, nor allow forcing, threatened, insulted 
or exploitation of the sexual assault behavior, such as sexual harassment, 
including gestures, language and physical contact. 
4.3 The company will not interfere with or discriminate against the employees' 
rights to observe the specifications related to race, social origin, national 
extraction, religion, disability, sexual orientation, union membership, union 
creed etc. 
4.4 According to relevant laws and regulations to take protection on special 
employees (such as young workers, during "Five Periods（menstrual period, 
pregnancy period, maternity period, lactation period, menopause period）" 
 
 
 
137 
 
female employees, disabled employees, etc.) also to take differential treatment 
on the employees who are in different positions of cultural degree, technical 
ability, physical condition, those all are not as discrimination. 
4.5 The employees may, in written or oral form, complain to the company about 
the discrimination against them. The complaint will be reviewed by the 
coordinators who are assigned by company's management representative 
and the coordinators shall make an oral or written reply to the complainants 
within 15 working days. 
4.6 Where there are discrimination incidents by the company executives 
(including by security guards), once verified, them will be subject to the 
disciplinary punishment by the company. 
4.7 All members of the company, outside personnel, and social groups can conduct 
supervision or complaints of the company's behavior. The company actively 
cooperates with the supervision and inspection of the Labor Administrative 
Department. 
5, reference file 
5.1 “Labor Law of the People's Republic of China" 
6, related records 
6.1 Employee complaint letters 
 
Taiwan Region 
Abide by the regulations of Employment Service Act , Act of Gender Equality in 
Employment and so on relevant laws and regulations, and in work rules prescribed 
" The employment conditions of all level employees of the company depend on the 
knowledge, moral character, ability, experience, suitable for the job or work .". 
During the employment period, the company is also in compliance with the laws and 
regulations and work rules, equal treatment to every employee, and established 
Sexual Harassment Prevention Measures to ensure gender equality and non-
discrimination. 
If employees suppose there are human rights issues in the workplace need to be 
proposed, on specific facts, complain to the employee relations department, if the 
issues involving sexual harassment, will be according to the procedures that are 
under the premise of the protection of the parties to launch the review. 
 
China Region 
 
 
 
138 
 
Commit the employees free from harassment and discrimination 
－Company in determining the recruitment, hiring, promotion and training, shall 
not have discrimination due to race, color, age, gender, sexual orientation, 
disability, pregnancy, religion, political affiliation, community members or 
marital status. Whether manifest or latent management behaviors depend on 
employees' work ability, will, performance and so on as the standards, above 
possible discrimination factors shall not be the standards or part of the standards.  
Respect employees' willingness to work overtime and freedom of actions 
－ Prohibit requiring employees to pay a deposit or deposit any important 
documents, such as academic qualification certificate, degree certificate, ID card 
and so on at the beginning or during the employment. 
－All employed workers must be voluntary, not allowed to have any force, or the use 
of deception to induce workers to work in the company. 
－In the rest time or rest time after meal, anybody shall not interfere employees' the 
freedom of action. The relevant departments shall formulate the rules and 
procedures of employees leaving the job in working time (including use toilets and 
drinking water) to protect employees' freedom of action. 
－When needs to work overtime, employees can choose not to work overtime, 
anybody cannot force employees to work overtime. When employees choose not 
to work overtime, anybody cannot discriminate, threaten, intimidate, insult them, 
nor deduct the employees' normal salary. 
－The security guards are responsible for maintaining the normal production order 
for the factory, protecting plant and property safety also the safety of employees, 
cannot to abuse nor to assault workers, cannot to forced search nor limit the 
freedom of workers. When there are emergencies, the security guards shall 
immediately notify the local police station. 
－ The various executives are responsible for work supporting, education, 
distribution and evaluation. When executives exercise those duties shall not use 
any corporal punishment, such as restrictions on action, assault, abuse, hunger, 
and threats and so on inhuman means. 
－Any punitive measures shall not include any form of fines. When there are 
personal punishment records, the announcement does not reflect the 
information of personal identity. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
 
 
 
139 
 
406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
140 
 
GRI 407：Freedom of Association and Collective 
Bargaining 
1. Management approach disclosures 
In Taiwan Region, the hiring employees are subject to the legal provisions of Labor 
Standards Act, the Labor Pension Act, Labor Insurance Act and National Health 
Insurance Act, etc.. 
In China Region, the hiring employees are subject to the legal provisions of Law of 
the People's Republic of China on Employment Contracts, Regulation on the 
Implementation of the Employment Contract Law of the People's Republic of China, 
etc.. 
The human rights provisions of the above legal provisions all be strictly followed by 
Voltronic Power. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and 
collective bargaining may be at risk：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
141 
 
GRI 408：Child Labor 
1. Management approach disclosures 
No child labor and the protection of young workers 
In the social responsibility system of Voltronic Power, formulates the related 
administrative measures for the recruitment of employees, prohibition of recruiting 
child labor policy and remedial program, protection management procedures for 
young workers, and the management program of suppliers social responsibility 
message management.  
In order to strengthen the enterprise internal audit system, also formulates social 
responsibility risk assessment, considers the child labor and young workers as 
medium and high risks to be control, and accept the reviews by customers regarding 
to labor, health and safety, environment, business ethics and management system 
and so on issues, positively eliminates and prevents possible risks. 
 
In 2015 , 2016 and 2017 the number of child labor in each factory is nil 
Prohibition of recruiting child labor policy and remedial program 
1, the purpose of 
Child labor is a minor under 16 years old. In order to ensure that the company 
does not employ child labor, and also to provide remedial measures when 
mistaking to employ child labor. 
2, procedures 
2.1 Management department formulates the company employment provisions to 
prohibit the employment of child labor who is under 16 years old. 
2.2 When human resources division conducts recruitment must be in accordance 
with the requirements of the " Check age policies and procedures", checks 
the applicants' personal information, check whether their age is over 16 years 
old, and then check the ID cards, verify their actual age, and observes their 
actual appearance, identity whether they are consistent with the age and 
appearance showed in the ID cards. 
2.3 Carefully check the true or false of the ID cards, to prevent the use of false ID 
cards, and may require the applicants to provide other documents, such as: 
unmarried certificate, birth certificate, degree certificate, etc... 
2.4 Without ID cards will not be hired. 
 
 
 
142 
 
3, remedial measures 
If afterwards discover that mistake to employ child labor due to the documents, 
shall immediately notify the human resources division director, and fill in "The 
child labors and young workers registration form", and need to take the following 
remedial measures. 
3.1 The management department shall report to the Labor Department, and shall 
be certificated by the Labor Department. 
3.2 Shall be in accordance with the opinions of the Labor Department to make 
the following arrangements: 
3.2.1 If the child labor shall be sent back to the original place of residence, 
the company shall be responsible for the repatriation expenditure. 
3.2.2 Management department shall advise the child labors to go to school, 
arrange the child labors to accept education, and make the following 
support： 
. Assist the child labors to search school. 
. Give monthly assistances to the child labors that are not lower than 
the minimum salary, until they are 16 years old. 
. During the school periods, the total hours of daily traffic time, school 
and working hours cannot more than 10 hours. 
3.3 The management department shall be according to the process of 
"Recruitment programs and protection policies for young workers " to do 
the good job of the child health check and school education log records. 
4, feedback and control 
Employees who discover that the factories employ child labors or mistake to 
employ child labors but doesn’t provide remedies for the matters, can be through 
the suggestion box / written or oral form, stepwise or leapfrog to reflect or 
complaint to management department manager, or company deputy general 
manager also general manager level and above who are. 
5, support files 
5.1 "The child labors and young workers registration form" 
6, relevant laws and regulations 
"Provisions on the prohibition of hiring child labors" 
－To prohibit the recruitment or use of child labor, as the highest guiding 
principle of Voltronic Power’s people-oriented and protection of human rights 
policies, not only to meet the local laws and regulations, more be responsible 
 
 
 
143 
 
for customers and so on stakeholders. 
－When recruiting employees, human resources division and labor suppliers 
need strictly in accordance with the provisions of the company's recruitment 
brochure and the labor dispatch administration measures, to identity the 
applicants' identity and age in a legitimate and reasonable way. 
－Each year, the company will conduct internal audits and supplier audits, 
focusing on child labor provisions review to ensure that the recruitment and 
production process of non-child labor. In 2015 , 2016 and 2017 the number of 
young worker in each factory is nil 
Management program for the protection of young workers 
1, the purpose of 
In order to protect the rights and interests, safety, health and education of on-the-
job young workers. 
2, scope 
Adapt to all the company's young workers. 
3, definition 
Young workers： The Labor Law of the People's Republic of China stipulates 
that the labors who are between 16 and 18 years old. 
4, program 
4.1 When human resources division conducts recruitment must identify the 
applicants' ID cards, check the applicant's ID cards whether are true or false. 
4.2 Human resources division must non-scheduled check whether there are young 
workers. Once found that there are young workers, shall take the following 
actions to ensure the safety of the young workers. 
4.21 If the company found the young workers who haven’t completed the 
nine-year compulsory education, shall sent them to the nearby school 
to complete their studies, and control the total hours of daily traffic time 
(between company and school), school and working hours cannot more 
than 10 hours. The company must pay the tuition fees according to local 
standard until finishing the nine-year compulsory education. 
4.22 The young workers management shall be in accordance with the relevant 
laws and regulations to implement the registration management system. 
The recruit of young workers needs to handle the relevant procedures 
to the local Labor Department, and in accordance with the relevant 
provisions to arrange suitable jobs and working time. 
 
 
 
144 
 
4.23 It shall be forbidden to arrange for young workers to engage in labor 
in a dangerous, unsafe or unhealthy working environment. The young 
workers cannot be the electricians or security guards, cannot to operate 
all kinds of dangerous machinery, and cannot to engage in the work 
which must use chemicals or may cause allergies, to ensure that young 
workers do not work in a hazardous environment. 
4.24 It shall be forbidden to arrange for young workers to engage in labor in 
night, toxic, harmful, high temperature, low temperature, involving 
physical Labor of the fourth (4th) degree of intensity as specified by the 
nation or any other kind of labor to be avoided by young workers. 
4.25 It shall be forbidden to arrange for young workers to engage in labor 
that contact with the radioactive materials, or engage in inflammable 
or explosive dangerous operations. 
4.26 In accordance with the provisions, regularly (semiannually) conduct the 
detailed health check for young workers. The health check for young 
workers will be conducted in accordance with the listed projects about 
young workers health check list. The health check and registration of 
the young works shall be handled by the company and bear the relevant 
expenses. 
4.27 Each department shall in accordance with the health check results of 
young workers to arrange the young workers for suitable work, if who 
are unable to do the original job shall reduce the original labor or 
arrange other work, shall not arrange the young workers to work 
overtime. 
5, support files 
5.1 "Labor Law of the People's Republic of China" 
5.2 "Compulsory Education Law of the People's Republic of China" 
5.3 "Special Protection Provisions for Juvenile Workers" 
6, related records 
6.1 employee ID card copy 
6.2 employee registration form 
Voltronic Power completely avoids hiring young workers. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor：nil  
 
 
 
145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
146 
 
GRI 409：Forced or Compulsory Labor 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Prohibition of Forced or Compulsory Labor 
1.0 Objective 
Protect the free rights of employees and avoid infringement of their personality, 
and earnestly observe the requirements of labor laws and regulations. 
2.0 Scope 
Applicable to all departments of the company, all process from recruitment to 
termination of the labor contract with employee. 
3.0 Definition 
    Forced or Compulsory Labor：Refers to that in the recruitment or use of 
workers violates labor laws or regulations. Forced or compulsory use of labor 
under the condition that the labor does not wish to do so.  
4.0 Control program 
4.1 The company has made corresponding commitments in the following 
directions: 
4.1.1 The employee’s recruitment principle of the company is based on 
voluntariness, and does not use forced, guaranteed, contractual or 
involuntary employees. 
4.1.2 In the recruitment process, the company does not collect any form of 
introduction fees, deposits, etc., and does not detain employee’s 
identification, documents or other statutory documents. 
4.1.3 Does not employ prisoners in prison and does not send product orders 
to prison. 
4.1.4 The company pays the wages of the employees monthly, on time and in 
full, and pays the wages directly to the employees themselves； 
4.1.5 In working time, the workshops and the channels not locked, and 
ensure that employees work overtime in the voluntary principle. 
Management personnel and security are not allowed to use corporal 
punishment, threats, violence etc. to force employees working 
overtime. 
4.1.6 Employees are free to move in and out of the factory and dormitory 
after their personal or illness leave. Outside of the working hours, 
 
 
 
147 
 
employees also are free to move in and out of the dormitory in the 
situation that does not affect the rest of other employees. 
4.1.7 The employee may apply for resignation in advance according to the 
time agreed by both parties in the labor contract.  
4.2 Punishment against the use of forced or compulsory labor： 
4.2.1 If the personnel department to receive any form of deposits or 
introduction fees, or to withhold any kind of certificates, once 
discovered will be dealt with demotion or/and downgrade. 
4.2.2 The all level factory management personnel, if is found that using 
corporal punishment, threats, violence etc. to force employees to work 
or make similar illegal requests in work or life, the corresponding 
management personnel will be conducted notification penalties. 
Causing damage to the spirit of the employees, management personnel 
must apologize to the victims. If the consequences are serious the will 
be sent to the Police Department to deal. 
4.3 Complaint program for employees that are subjected to forced labor： 
4.3.1 If employees have been subjected to forced labor at work or in life by 
factory management personnel (including security personnel), 
through the Company Opinion Box or Factory Director Box, 
complaint to the Labor Dispute Mediation Committee of the company 
and to seek the solutions, or directly reflect to the factory leaders in 
verbal to seek solutions. 
4.3.2 If the above measures are not handled correctly and satisfactorily, 
employees may report directly to the Local Labor Department. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or 
compulsory labor：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
148 
 
GRI 410：Security Practices 
1. Management approach disclosures 
In Taiwan Region, the offices are leased from the industrial district buildings, the 
security systems were appointed by the building management committees. 
In China Region, in accordance with the provisions of Contract Law of the People’s 
Republic of China, Labor Law of the People's Republic of China, Regulation on the 
Administration of Security and Guarding Services and so on relevant laws and 
regulations, signed the "Civil defense service contract" with "Shenzhen Security 
Service Company". By the "Shenzhen Security Service Company" to provide 
security services, and ask " Shenzhen Security Service Company" should continue 
to strengthen the security team training and management, to ensure the quality of 
security services. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures 
As stated in the management approach. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
149 
 
411：Rights of Indigenous Peoples 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power as a member of the world corporate citizenship, abides by the 
applicable law and international standard to hire workers and employees in all 
operation regions. The recruitment of employees is according to ability orientation. 
For employment, training, reward, promotion, termination, retirement and other 
employment conditions, does not discriminate due to race, color, religion, nationality, 
age, gender, sexuality, age or other legal protection. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
150 
 
GRI 412：Human Rights Assessment 
1. Management approach disclosures 
System and Process of Employee Suggestion also Complaint  
1.0  Objective 
For the objective of safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of 
employees, ensuring effective communication between staff and the 
management of the company, discovering and dealing with all kinds of hidden 
problems, building a harmonious, stable and united labor employment 
relationship, enhancing the cohesion and creativity of enterprises, so to 
establish this system and process. 
2.0  Scope of application 
2.1、The system and process apply to all employees in the company. 
2.2、The management of the complaint system and procedures includes the 
anonymous suggestion and real name complaint. Employees must be 
targeted and choose reasonable ways. The real name complaint requires 
the complainant to fill out the Employee Complaint Letter, so that it can 
be processed and filed in time. 
3.0 Definition 
3.1、The channels for employee suggestions or complaints include： 
3.1.1 Employee Opinion Box：Using for who propose policy advices or 
advices on unfair phenomena etc., but do not expect to get direct 
answers to them, belong to anonymous suggestions. Such as 
dormitory environment, workshop discipline, work clothes and so on. 
3.1.1.1 The information in Employee Opinion Box belongs to 
anonymous suggestion; the human resources department will 
regularly open the Opinion Box (open once every two weeks). 
Reasonable and can be solved suggestions will be solved in 
time, and post the solved opinions on the bulletin board. 
3.1.2 Employee Complaint（real name complaint）：The suggestions or 
complaints which are closely related to self-interests and expect to 
 
 
 
151 
 
receive reply to them belong to real name complaints. Such as 
personal salaries, holidays, individuals considered unfair treatment, 
etc. The suggestions or complaints which urgent need for immediate 
settlement, using the real name complaint channel. 
3.2 Complaint principle  
3.2.1 The complainant shall according to the facts to make complaints in 
accordance with the provisions of this system and process and there 
must be no deceit. 
3.2.2 The complaint receivers shall seriously treat the complaint in the 
principle of confidentiality, and ensure the legitimate interests of the 
employees are not infringed. 
3.2.3 The complaint information should be filled out by the complainant 
himself and the proxy complaint is invalid. 
3.2.4 The complainant shall comply with the appeals process. Leapfrog 
complaints are not allowed to enable the receivers to understand the 
facts and to make correct judgments in time. 
3.2.5 Whether anonymous suggestions or real complaints, require the use of 
plain and simple language in order to narrate the facts clearly; do not 
use more vocabulary, to avoid the receivers make wrong judgments. 
3.2.6、Never allow the malicious complaints or false complaints which using 
the anonymous suggestion or real complaint channels in order to fight 
or retaliate other employees. Otherwise, it will be dealt with severely 
according to the penalties ordinance in Chapter fifth of the Employee 
Handbook. 
3.3 Scope of complaint 
Scope of complaint events shall be occurring or existing within the company, 
which related to work or company employees, regulations, equipment and 
environment etc., including but not limited to the following situations: 
3.3.1 Any objection to the implementation of the company's policies or the 
results of its implementation; including safety regulations, work 
 
 
 
152 
 
environment, 
quality 
policy, 
safety 
protection, 
performance 
evaluation,labor contract, remuneration, logistical support ,welfare 
benefits etc.. 
3.3.2 Be treated unfairly by superiors or colleagues.； 
3.3.3Complaints or reports the violations of company policies or regulations； 
3.3.4 Any other matters where the complainant has evidence to prove that 
his rights or interests have been infringed。 
3.3.5 Acts that violate corporate social responsibility, such as sexual 
harassment, racial or religious discrimination, etc. 
4.0 Responsibility 
4.1 To establish Complaint Handling Committee of the company, composing of 
the complainant's immediate supervisor, the Department Manager, the 
Human Resources Manager and the Vice General Manager. 
4.1.1、The above complaint receivers may answer the complaint events 
within the scope of the authorization and, if the complainant accepts 
the reply, the complaint may be brought to end. If the complaint 
receivers cannot answer the complaint, it may be dealt with 
according to the complaint handling procedure of the sixth article of 
this system. 
4.1.2 、 If the complaint is referred directly to the human resources 
department. The human resources department will be responsible for 
investigation, evidence collection, preliminary treatment advice, 
participation in research, feedback, comments etc.. 
4.1.3、In principle, the complainant shall lodge complaint in accordance 
with the system and process. However, if the respondent is the 
complainant's direct supervisor or department manager, may lodge 
directly to the human resources department.  
4.2、The limitation of complaint is 10 working days.  
If the complaint is overdue due to force majeure, the complainant shall 
declare to the Complaint Handling Committee for an extension of the time 
limit for complaint, but the extension shall not exceed 10 working days. 
 
 
 
153 
 
4.3 When the complainant lodges the complaint, shall fill out the Employee 
Complaint Letter (appendix) provided by the human resources department 
to describe the relevant matters. 
4.4 The complaint receiver shall keep a good record of the Employee Complaint 
Letter, and after the record has been completed, shall request the signature 
of the complainant to confirm it. 
4.5 During the process of waiting for the complaint, the complainant shall 
strictly abide by the relevant rules and regulations of the company, ensure 
the normal working conditions, and shall not disseminate any negative 
comments or information which has no relation to the work. 
5.0 Work program 
5.1 The complainant shall, within 10 working days from the date of the 
complaint occurrence, claim the Employee Complaint Letter from human 
resources department, and fill it out as soon as possible to the complaint 
receiver, that is, the direct supervisor. 
5.2 The complaint receiver shall, after receiving the Employee Complaint Letter, 
make detailed analysis of whether the complaint is in conformity with the 
complaint scope of the system. If it does not meet the requirements, the 
complaint receiver shall notify the complainant to terminate the complaint 
and indicate it in the Employee Complaint Letter. 
If the complaint meets the requirements, the complaint receiver shall 
immediately notify the complainant whether can answer the complaint 
matter in detail and truthfully. If cannot answer the complaint matter, the 
complaint receiver shall clearly notify the complainant, and indicate in the 
Employee Complaint Letter that shall be answered by further level of the 
Complaint Work Program. 
5.3 Both the Line Manager and the Department Manager of the complainant 
can directly investigate and process the complaint, and the complainant 
may terminate the complaint if he is satisfied with the result of the 
processing. If the complainant is not satisfied with the result of the 
treatment, he may continue to lodge a complaint to the human resources 
 
 
 
154 
 
department. The human resources department is responsible for the 
investigation, evidence collection and feedback of the relevant complaints. 
5.4 Involving multi departments complaint, the human resources department 
should uniformly coordinate, the receivers of various departments should 
work together to complete it. If the complainant is not satisfied with the 
results, can continue to file the complaint to human resources department 
manager. Any complaint handling officer shall make investigations, collect 
evidences and draw the final conclusion within 10 working days.                   
5.5 If the complainant is still not satisfied with the results proposed by the 
human resource manager, can re-appeal complaint within 10 working days 
since the date when knows the complaint  conclusion day. Within 10 
working days, no further appeal is made, which means that the complainant 
accepts the conclusion. 
When the re-appeal complaint is made, the vice general manager will be 
responsible for leading the complaint investigation, the members of the 
Complaint Handling Committee shall actively discuss, the results shall be 
the final conclusion of the company. The complainant shall abide by the 
final conclusion and shall not lodge the complaint again. 
5.6 The complaint which involving crosses departments, should take active 
discussions by the relevant departments’ accepting personals and settle 
after reaching a consensus, but shall not exceed deadline of the acceptance 
periods.  
5.7 complaint reply 
The complaint handling result shall be recorded as three copies of the 
employee complaint letter (appendix), one copy submitted to the 
complainant, one copy filed to complainant's personnel files, and one 
copy  collected and saved by  the department of human resources 
employee relation. 
5.8  complaint disciplines and confidentiality requirements 
5.8.1 Throughout the complaint process, the relevant personnel should be 
strictly confidential. In case of leak, it will be dealt with in accordance 
 
 
 
155 
 
with the relevant terms of the employee handbook. 
5.8.2  If the complainant to be taken revenge, will give serious treatment. 
5.9  complaint event tracking 
After the conclusion of the complaint, the department of human resources 
is responsible for tracking, monitoring and filing. 
6.0  record 
nil 
7.0  related files 
nil 
8.0  appendix 
8.1  Employee Complaint Letter 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact 
assessments：nil 
412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures 
As stated in the management approach. 
412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights 
clauses or that underwent human：nil 
 
 
 
 
156 
 
GRI 414：Supplier Social Assessment 
1. Management approach disclosures 
In order to reflect the care of employees, to fulfill the social responsibility, and to 
promote the development of enterprises more best, Voltronic Power actively 
promote the suppliers to comply with International Human Rights Law, 
International Labor Standards , SA8000（Social Accountability 8000 International 
standard）, OHSAS 18001(Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series 18001) 
and so on international standard contents, require suppliers to actively promote: 
－Do not hire child labor who is under 16 years old, to pay attention to the hired 
young worker who is 16-18 years old. Do not accept any supplier which having 
incident of child labor who is under 16 years old, and require suppliers to pay 
attention to the hired young worker who is 16-18 years old. 
－Respect for the freedom of the employees to work, and prohibit any form of forced 
or compulsory labor. Do not accept any supplier which having incident of forced 
or compulsory labor. 
－ Allow employees to exercise freedom of speech and freedom of association. 
Require the suppliers to allow their employees can exercise freedom of speech and 
freedom of association. 
－Abide by the labor laws and regulations to hire employees, to pay employee salary, 
to maintain or relieve the employment relationship. Require the suppliers to 
comply with the labor laws and regulations to hire employees, to pay employee 
salary, to maintain or relieve the employment relationship. 
－Abide by the policy of non-discrimination, to eliminate inequality in the work (to 
provide equal and fair environment, prohibit any form of discrimination; Respect 
for the staff's basic human rights to prohibit any form of insulting personality 
behavior). Require the suppliers to comply with the policy of non-discrimination, 
to eliminate inequality in the work. 
－Provide safe and healthy working conditions, to ensure the safety and health of 
the employees, and actively to create a good working and living environment for 
the employees. Require the suppliers actively to create a good working and living 
environment for their employees. 
－To reasonably arrange the production plans, to reasonably arrange the working 
hours and rest time also leave days for employees, and to implement the safety 
 
 
 
157 
 
production system. Require the suppliers to implement the safety production 
system. 
－Other matters must abide by relevant laws and regulations requirements. Require 
the suppliers' other matters must abide by relevant laws and regulations 
requirements. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 
In 2015 , 2016 and 2017 the percentage of new suppliers that were screened using 
human rights criteria was 28 /74, =37.83%, 35 /72 =48.61% and 45 /77 =70.13% 
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
158 
 
GRI 415：Public Policy 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power with the ideas of environmental protection, harmonious symbiosis 
and ethic management to implement "corporate governance" and "enterprise 
sustainable development". In response to the government also global concerns issues 
such as environmental protection, ecology, energy, etc., to propose climate change 
information policies and carbon reduction policies. 
Follow the government regulations to adopt the “Ethical Corporate Management 
Best Practice Principles for Voltronic Power Technology Corp." which specify that 
when engaging in commercial activities, directors, supervisors, managers, 
employees, and mandatories of the business group or persons having substantial 
control over the business group as  substantial controllers shall not directly or 
indirectly offer, promise to offer, request or accept any improper benefits, nor 
commit unethical acts including breach of ethics, illegal acts, or breach of fiduciary 
duty ("unethical conduct") for purposes of acquiring or maintaining benefits. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
415-1 Political contributions：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
159 
 
GRI 416：Customer Health and Safety 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power’s primary business is the production and sales of UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power System). Additionally, Voltronic Power offers professional 
ODM design and manufacturing of power converters (also known as inverter), AVR 
(automatic voltage regulator), PV inverter. There has no any health issue be 
applicable to the related products. Upon security issues, handling according to the 
safety standard acts of the Nation where the entrusting design or/and manufacturing 
projects customers located, and the possible customers’ specific safety codes. Up to 
now, there hasn’t happened any incident of non-compliance with regulations and 
voluntary codes concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services 
during their life cycle. 
To manufacture the products that will not cause any health issues and meet the 
safety standard acts of the Nation where the entrusting design or/and manufacturing 
projects customers located, is also Voltronic Power’s highest guiding principle. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 
As stated in the management approach. 
416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of 
products and services：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
160 
 
GRI 417：Marketing and Labeling 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Voltronic Power’s primary business is the production and sales of UPS 
(Uninterruptible Power System). Additionally, Voltronic Power offers professional 
ODM design and manufacturing of power converters (also known as inverter), AVR 
(automatic voltage regulator), PV inverter. Therefore, the design or/and 
manufacturing of products shall be according to the requirements of the customers, 
all health and safety information, labeling according to the health and safety 
standard acts of the Nation where the entrusting design or/and manufacturing 
projects customers located, and the possible customers’ specific health and safety 
codes. 
Up to now, there hasn’t happened any incident of non-compliance with regulations 
and voluntary codes concerning product and service information and labeling. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling 
 
YES 
NO 
The sourcing of components of the product or service 
V 
 
Content, particularly with regard to substances that might 
produce an environmental or social impact 
V 
 
Safe use of the product or service 
V 
 
Disposal of the product and environmental/social impacts 
V 
 
Other (explain) 
 
 
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and 
labeling：nil 
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
161 
 
GRI 418：Customer Privacy 
1. Management approach disclosures 
Confidential information protection  
All confidential information of the company or the customers shall be kept 
confidential. Voltronic Power requires employees to sign the "Secret Declaration "： 
1, During the employment period, the signatory shall not violate any of the following 
acts without written consent: 
(a) To invest or operate in the same or similar to the company's business in the 
name of self or another people. The another people refer to including but not 
limited to who have relatives or friends relationship with the signatory. 
(b) To serve as employee, trustee, undertaker, consultant and so on for other 
companies or entities that operate in the same or similar business to the 
company. 
2, Except the advance written authorization by the company, the following 
information and other confidential information that be created or learned by the 
signatory during the employment period, agrees to maintain as the top secret, 
doesn't tell or deliver to any third party： 
(a) About the company's business activities that are unknown by the company's 
current or future competitors. 
(b) The information that is exclusively belonging to the company, customers or 
suppliers of the company. 
3, In this declaration that confidential information refers the data or information 
directly or indirectly subject to receiving, contact, design or development by the 
signatory because of using the company's equipment or resources during the 
employment period, regardless of whether in writing, also regardless of whether 
applying for patent or copyrights. For example: 
(a) The information of production methods and data, communication, purchasing, 
financial, employees, customers, suppliers, and other relevant information 
related to the company business activities and models, and so on. 
(b) Computer programs and all related documents. 
(c) Discovery, concept and idea, such as ：the characteristics, results, procedures, 
formulas, invention & innovation of the research and development plans, and 
the equipment, knowledge, technology, specialized technology, design, 
 
 
 
162 
 
composition and instructions of the computer and related system design etc.. 
(d) Any other matters or information related to the business or other activities of 
the company, and such information cannot be free or easy to know by the 
persons who are generally engaged in similar business or activities. 
(e) All ideas derived from the contact or learn to the above information or data. 
4, Without the written authorization by the signatory's former employer, the 
signatory performs the duty behaviors in the company, shall not quote or use any 
confidential information which is exclusively belonging to the former employer. 
And the signatory guarantee that doesn’t disclose any third parties’ confidential 
information to the company nor instigates the company to use the confidential 
information. If the reference or use will infringe upon the business secret of the 
former employer, must inform the company with written in advance, together to 
discuss the decision with the company, in order to avoid damaging the rights and 
interests of the former employer and the company. 
5, Ownership of rights: 
(a) The signatory consents that immediately to inform and transfer to the 
company of all the obtaining or creating design, copyright, discovery, formula, 
process, manufacturing technology, business secrets, invention, improvement, 
ideas and other works with the potential of copyright protection that related 
to perform the position duty during the period of employment. And agrees 
except the salary provided by the company, not because above informing or 
transferring to require the company to pay any additional fees or payments. 
(b) The above various kinds of rights, regardless whether doing in general 
working time, also regardless whether using the company's equipment, 
facilities, or company business secret income, shall be applicable in the 
preceding paragraph. 
Customer Privacy  
Protection of customer privacy is a generally recognized goal in national 
regulations and organizational policies. If breach customer privacy, in addition to 
direct financial consequences such as penalties and fines, non-compliance poses a 
risk to reputation and customer loyalty and satisfaction. For Voltronic Power, the 
total number of substantiated complaints regarding breaches of customer privacy 
and losses of customer data is nil. 
 
 
 
163 
 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses 
of customer data：nil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
164 
 
GRI 419：Socioeconomic Compliance 
1. Management approach disclosures 
In the operations, Voltronic Power always is according to the domestic and foreign 
related laws and regulations, and pays attention to the impacts of business 
regulations of upgrading or amendment, to ensure that Voltronic Power can strictly 
fulfill the regulations compliance obligations in order to reduce the risk of direct 
finance loss or/and indirect loss of goodwill. On the positive side, looking forward to 
Voltronic Power that can reach the goal of operating capacity expansion by the way 
of regulations compliance. 
Voltronic Power in business operation, strictly comply with relevant laws and 
regulations (including international declarations, conventions and treaties, and 
national, sub-national, regional, and local regulations concerning the provision and 
use of the organization’s products and services), the monetary value of significant 
fines for non-compliance with laws and regulations concerning the provision and use 
of products and services is nil. 
2. Topic-specific disclosures 
419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area：
nil 
 

